At 18, Radcliffe will be able to gamble in a casino, buy a drink in a pub or see the horror film "Hostel: Part II," currently six places below his number one movie on the UK box office chart.
Details of how he'll mark his landmark birthday are under wraps.
Editor's note: In our Behind the Scenes series, CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events.
Here, Soledad O'Brien takes users inside a jail where many of the inmates are mentally ill.
And there's cars in the water, there's cars on fire.
He said his back was injured but he determined he could move around.
The polyps were removed and sent to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, for routine microscopic examination, spokesman Scott Stanzel said.
Results are expected in two to three days.
NFL star Michael Vick is set to appear in court Monday.
A judge will have the final say on a plea deal.
Nearby, his parents talked about the new future and hope they have for their boy -- and the potential for recovery from his severe burns.
He's wearing a facial mask often used to help burn victims.
They have been driven to sell their bodies to put food on the table for their children -- for as little as $8 a day.
She says her husband thinks she is cleaning houses when she leaves home.
Alleged cocaine trafficker and FARC rebel Tomas Medina Caracas in an Interpol photo.
He had been in the cross-hairs of the U.S. Justice Department since 2002.
White House press secretary Tony Snow will step down from his post on September 14.
President Bush told reporters Friday that he will "sadly accept" Snow's resignation.
Niranjan Desai discovered the 20-year-old AT4 anti-tank rocket launcher tube, a one-time-use device, lying on her lawn Friday morning, police said.
The launcher has been turned over to U.S. Army officials at the 754th Ordnance Company, an explosive ordnance disposal unit, at Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, Army officials said.
On Tuesday, Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said, "President Bush's attempt to compare the war in Iraq to past military conflicts in East Asia ignores the fundamental difference between the two.
Our nation was misled by the Bush Administration in an effort to gain support for the invasion of Iraq under false pretenses, leading to one of the worst foreign policy blunders in our history.
Police close off streets around Haymarket, in London's busy theater district.
June 29, 2007: Police defuse a bomb consisting of 200 liters of fuel, gas cylinders and nails found in an abandoned car in Haymarket, central London.
Carlos Alberto enjoyed success at FC Porto under Jose Mourinho.
Carlos Alberto started his career with Fluminense, and helped them to lift the Campeonato Carioca in 2002.
Bush is scheduled to have the medical procedure, expected to take about 2 1/2 hours, at the presidential retreat at Camp David, Maryland, Snow said.
Bush's last colonoscopy was in June 2002, and no abnormalities were found, Snow said.
The quake left about 2,000 customers without power, said David Eisenhower, a spokesman for Pacific Gas and Light.
Under the USGS classification, a magnitude 4.2 earthquake is considered "light," which it says usually causes minimal damage.
Isaac Arellano holds a candle and sings during a fundraiser for miners Tuesday in Price, Utah.
Sympathy for the failed efforts also came Saturday from the White House.
A wounded person gets first aid shortly after Thursday's attack in Batna, Algeria.
The explosion occurred at 5 p.m. about 20 meters (65 feet) from a mosque in Batna, a town about 450 kilometers (280 miles) east of Algiers, security officials in Batna told the state-run news agency.
Now, David Beckham is headed for the Hollywood Hills as he takes his game to U.S. Major League Soccer.
CNN looks at how Bekham fulfilled his dream of playing for Manchester United, and his time playing for England.
Honey bees walk on a moveable comb hive at the Bee Research Laboratory, in Beltsville, Maryland.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture says honey bees are responsible for pollinating $15 billion worth of crops each year in the United States.
LONDON, England -- Savers at a leading UK mortgage bank lined up for a second day to empty their accounts Saturday, a day after the lender was bailed out by the Bank of England after heavily slashing profit forecasts.
Fearful customers line up to withdraw cash from a Northern Rock branch in southeast London on Friday.
Police released this mug shot of O.J. Simpson after his arrest.
Simpson is accused of having directed several other men in an alleged armed robbery of sports memorabilia in a room at a Las Vegas hotel room.
Anthony Ogadje, 25, and nine other contestants had gone to Shere Hills Lake in Nigeria's hilly Plateau State to prepare for the "Gulder Ultimate Search," which sets a variety of physical challenges for participants.
A statement from Nigerian Breweries on Monday said Ogadje died suddenly and he was thought to have drowned.
Sources say the classified materials were taken from the East Tennessee Technology Park.
Roy Lynn Oakley, 67, of Roane County, Tennessee, appeared in federal court in Knoxville on Thursday.
LONDON, England -- Chelsea are waiting on the fitness of John Terry ahead of Wednesday's Champions League match with Valencia, but Frank Lampard has been ruled out.
John Terry tries out his protective mask during training for Chelsea on Tuesday.
Karam in Egypt bought a kidney for his sister for $5,300; in Istanbul Hakan is holding out for $30,700 for one of his kidneys.
Doctors in Pakistan have been arrested for abducting people, drugging them and stealing their kidneys.
It isn't Shakespeare, but it is the dramatic question Hollywood filmmakers are asking about Lindsay Lohan following her legal troubles this week.
Lindsay Lohan may still get work after her legal problems are settled, but the cost will be high.
Italy -- Italy and Roma striker Francesco Totti has threatened to quit the Italian Players Association, in a row over the starting date of the next Serie A season.
Roma striker Totti has complained that the Italian players are never listened to.
Blackwater employees patrol Baghdad by air in a February 2005 photograph.
Federal prosecutors are investigating allegations that employees of Blackwater illegally purchased weapons and sold them in Iraq, according to U.S. government sources.
Youssif has always been a huge Spider-Man fan.
Meeting him was "my favorite thing," he said.
Thomas will be demoted to the rank of entry-level private and will receive a bad-conduct discharge.
The 25-year-old was among seven Marines and a Navy medic who were charged in connection with the death of Hashim Ibrahim Awad, 52.
William and I can separate life into two parts.
There were those years when we were blessed with the physical presence beside us of both our mother and father.
But then Kouchner was never expected to be a soft-soaper on the diplomatic scene.
French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner has a reputation for challenging convention and authority.
Written for: Some girl probably not named Elise.
In fact, as far as most historians can tell, Beethoven didn't even know an Elise.
Mitt Romney has spent the most on TV advertising so far among presidential contenders.
The cost to try to influence the 2008 election could exceed $3 billion, according to TNS Media Intelligence/Campaign Media Analysis Group, CNN's consultant on political television advertising.
A Buddhist monk blesses the wreckage of One-Two-Go airline's MD-82 jet at Phuket airport on Tuesday.
Most of those killed were foreign nationals, and about 36 of the bodies still have yet to be identified, according to Thailand's state-run Thai News Agency (TNA).
Moore and Gupta shouted and argued over data Gupta used and data Moore used.
Moore said his staffers backed up the film's facts to Gupta before the report aired and that Gupta aired it knowing his facts were wrong.
A KC-135 tanker lands at Incirlik Air Base in southern Turkey in 2003.
The base, in southern Turkey near Syria, is a major resupply center for U.S. operations in Iraq and elsewhere in the Mideast and Asia.
Mohammed Rasoul sitting with his mother, Jinan Khalifa, eagerly awaits his trip to the United States.
Row after row of headstones stand as the deadly reminder of the tragedy the city went through as insurgents battled for control of the city.
Pratibha Patil, 72, is India's first elected female president.
Patil won about two thirds of the electoral college votes.
Gina Yarbrough sent this picture of the road that collapsed in Wednesday's landslide.
Mayor Jerry Sanders declared a state of emergency, asking California and the federal government to help the La Jolla community recover from the Wednesday landslide.
Hundreds of women protest child trafficking and shout anti-French slogans Wednesday in Abeche, Chad.
Six members of Zoe's Ark were arrested last week as they tried to put the children on a plane to France, where the charity said host families were waiting to take the children in.
Fishermen pass by Greenland's Ilulissat fjord in this September 2004 picture.
Such a discovery would usually elicit curiosity, even wonder perhaps, but it evoked mixed feelings for the explorer.
The body was bound hand and foot with wire and wrapped in a sheet of plastic when insurgents pulled it out of a car and left it with the crowd in the northern Mogadishu neighborhood of Suqa Holaha, witnesses reported.
Nine Ethiopians are reportedly part of the 19 dead.
Stacy Peterson, 23, has been missing from her suburban Chicago home since October 28.
In another development, a judge signed an order to exhume the body of Drew Peterson's third wife, who was found drowned in a bathtub in 2004, said Will County State Attorney James Glasgow.
QUEBEC, Canada -- Third seed Julia Vakulenko will face comeback queen Lindsay Davenport in her first WTA Tour final at the Bell Challenge on Sunday.
Julia Vakulenko will seek her first victory on the WTA Tour at the Bell Challenge in Quebec.
President Pervez Musharraf explains his actions in a televised address Saturday.
Musharraf also suspended the constitution and dismissed the Pakistan Supreme Court's chief justice for the second time.
In reality he was communicating with an undercover detective for the New York Police Department.
The Washington museum posted a message on its Web site saying officials there are "horrified" by news of Singer's arrest.
Chester Stiles appears Wednesday in a Las Vegas, Nevada, courtroom.
Stiles, 37, was taken into custody Monday night after a Henderson, Nevada, police officer pulled over the white Buick Century he was driving.
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa -- South African fast bowler Dale Steyn took a career-best five for 34 as the Proteas took a tight grip on the first test against New Zealand in Johannesburg.
Steyn's career-best 5-34 was his fourth five-wicket haul in 14 tests.
Lazing in a hammock is one of the best ways to spend a summer evening.
The key to cutting off jeans is not to go too short too soon.
Iraqi students at the Shmisani school in Amman gather around a teacher.
Iraqi girls only!" she repeats several times, making sure the message is clear and waving away Jordanian pupils attracted by the commotion.
Waterboarding threatened to derail the approval of President Bush's nominee to lead the Justice Department.
President Bush nominated Mukasey to replace longtime ally Alberto Gonzales, who resigned in September.
Water flows from their taps for just three hours each evening.
A 1961 firetruck loads up with water from a hydrant in Alabama to haul back to Orme, Tennessee.
The toys have caused some children who swallowed the craft toys to vomit and lose consciousness.
China suspended exports of the Aqua Dots toys that contain a chemical that converts into a "date rape" drug.
Refugees move along a road Tuesday in Mugunga, near Goma, in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
A press release from the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said it didn't appear rebels had targeted the camps, but it reported some were looted after camp residents, classified as internally displaced persons, fled.
Of a "wild and gamey" red from Rioja, Spain, Vaynerchuk says, "Hit a deer on the road.
That kind of attitude appeals to people who are mystified by the arcane lexicon of traditional wine journals or turned off by what they perceive as elitist barriers.
Dozens of girls in green apron-like uniforms pour out into the courtyard and cluster on the top level of a stone staircase overlooking a concrete playground.
Harb wants the CNN crew to see how many Iraqi refugee girls her school is accommodating.
Villagers grieve in Patargata, around 125 miles south of Dhaka, capital of Bangladesh, Monday.
The number of dead killed from Cyclone Sidr -- now at 3,114 -- is expected to rise yet further as the South Asian nation continues to assess the damage.
However, Christian Panucci headed an injury-time winner after a controversial decision to award Italy a free-kick.
The result also means France have sealed qualification, along with Italy, from Group B without playing a game.
The Bibi Heybat Mosque, just outside the capital Baku.
As a precaution, Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday "following security concerns nearby," Britain's Foreign Office said.
PARIS, France -- World number three Novak Djokovic crashed out of the Paris Masters after being trounced in his opening match by veteran Frenchman Fabrice Santoro on Wednesday.
Fabrice Santoro returns the ball during his shock second-round victory against Novak Djokovic.
Lipstick outsold gloss by $76 million last year, and beauty companies are racing to launch new formulas that are more wearable than ever.
We'll show you how to apply lipstick perfectly, along with the most flattering shades for day and night.
Katherine Heigl has every reason to smile for our camera.
A star -- and a trio of gorgeous looks -- is born.
SPAM marks its 70th anniversary in 2007 which is also the Chinese Year of the Pig.
If the on-site "wall of SPAM" is any indication, a tour through the SPAM Museum in Austin, Minnesota, is guaranteed fun for the whole canned-pork-loving family.
This moving image shows how police used software to unscramble the image.
The man's face was disguised by digital alteration, but the images were capable of being restored, according to a bulletin from Interpol -- the international police agency based in Lyon, France.
Reuters is a global information company providing material tailored for professionals in the financial services, media and corporate markets.
Its information is trusted and drives decision making across the globe.
The seventh fatality is believed to be a Clemson University student, he said.
The six survivors -- who were treated and released from Brunswick Community Hospital -- are also USC students, he said.
Concerned citizens have helped troops improve security in parts of Baghdad, a military official says.
He added that the largely Sunni al Qaeda in Iraq presence has been "crushed" since the beginning of May.
Chief Chip Prather holds a photo of a white truck similar to the one seen on Santiago Canyon Road.
The vehicle is a white, 1998 to 2004 Ford F150 pickup with chrome tubular running boards.
Today the partnership is an organization with bases throughout the UK, with supermarkets and department stores, employing approximately 67,100 people.
Every Partner receives the same scale of bonus, based on a fixed percentage of their annual wage.
One of Qualcomm's first products was OmniTRACS, introduced in 1988, which is currently the largest satellite-based commercial mobile system for the transportation industry.
Today, Qualcomm's patent portfolio includes approximately 6,100 United States patents and patent applications for CDMA and related technologies.
Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, is being sought as a suspect, police say.
The detectives say she is in good condition," Nye County Sheriff Tony De Meo said.
Long before the Material Girl ordered papa to stop preaching, these six puffed-up virtuosos knew darn well how to strike a pose.
Alfred Hitchcock didn't leave people in suspense about how he felt about actors.
PARIS, France -- AC Milan's Brazilian midfielder Kaka has been named European player of the year, lifting France Football's Ballon d'Or award.
Kaka has already claimed all of the game's major prizes.
BUPA began as The British United Provident Association in 1947 to preserve freedom of choice in health care.
Led by the growing public demand for health care and a lack of quality private accommodation BUPA initiated the Nuffield Homes Charitable Trust - later renamed Nuffield Hospitals.
Chip Auman said his 18-year-old daughter survived the fire but was hospitalized and in stable condition because of complications from smoke inhalation.
Six University of South Carolina students and a Clemson University student died in the fire early Sunday morning in Ocean Isle Beach, North Carolina.
Jonathan Evans, the chief of MI5, also said that at least 2,000 people in Britain pose a threat to the country's security because of their support for al Qaeda-inspired terrorism.
They are radicalising, indoctrinating and grooming young, vulnerable people to carry out acts of terrorism," he told a gathering of newspaper editors in Manchester.
Ruben Navarrette Jr.: Some opponents of immigration, even the legal kind, fear changes in local culture.
Immigration restrictionists -- and by that, I mean those who want to limit all immigration, even the legal kind -- like to pretend they're so high-minded.
ROME, Italy -- Mauro Camoranesi scored with 13 minutes left to earn Juventus a 1-1 home draw with Serie A leaders Inter Milan on Sunday.
Julio Cruz is mobbed by team-mates after giving Inter the lead in their 1-1 draw at Juventus.
Four Australian troops have now died in the conflict in Afghanistan.
The incident occurred in Tarin Kowt in Uruzgan province, where Taliban militants killed an Australian commando, the Australian Defence Ministry said.
The shooting appeared to have been planned out in graphic videos posted on Internet file-sharing site YouTube.
At a news conference this afternoon, police confirmed the dead numbered two girls, five boys and the school's headmistress at Jokela High in Tuusula, a quiet town around 50 kilometers (30 miles) north of Helsinki.
LONDON, England -- France coach Raymond Domenech has again omitted striker David Trezeguet from his squad for this month's friendly against Morocco and the Euro 2008 qualifier against the Ukraine.
Happier times: David Trezeguet celebrates after scoring for Juventus against Torino.
Sect leader Warren Jeffs arrives in court to hear the verdict against him September 25 in St. George, Utah.
Jeffs, the leader and so-called prophet of the 10,000-member Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, is now awaiting sentencing after being convicted on two counts of being an accomplice to rape.
SHANGHAI, China -- Championship leader Lewis Hamilton spun out of the Chinese Grand Prix to send the world title race to a cliffhanger finale in Brazil on October 21.
A disconsolate Lewis Hamilton leaves his car after spinning into the gravel trap in Shanghai.
In line with this, CNN will be hosting three events looking at modern strategies in today's business arena.
The first of these master classes will be based at the China Europe International Business School in Shanghai and will be aired November 10 and 11.
As chief executive of the Economic Development Board, one of Sheikh Mohammed's main tasks is to ensure Bahrain stays ahead of its competitors.
The government's pushing ahead with economic reforms to reduce the Kingdom's dependence on oil.
Rescuers and bomb experts search for survivors in the rubble of a destroyed building.
It was one of two suspected car bombs that struck Algiers within 10 minutes of each other.
MADRID, Spain -- Lionel Messi scored for the sixth game in a row as Barcelona defeated big-spending Atletico Madrid 3-0 to stay in touch with Primera Liga leaders Real Madrid.
Messi (left) is congratulated by Ronaldinho after scoring again in Barcelona's 3-0 win over Atletico Madrid.
Then there are the newer circuits -- Malaysia and Bahrain, for instance -- but even these have become familiar to the drivers and their backroom boffins.
Fuji Speedway employees pose behind a scale model of the new circuit and in front of an overhead view.
Dida's theatrical over-reaction has resulted in UEFA suspending him for two matches.
The incident occurred when the Scottish side beat Milan 2-1 in Glasgow.
The White House's Dana Perino accused Democrats of holding veterans care funding hostage.
Congressional Democrats had attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $150.7 billion bill that also funded a number of domestic priorities, including health, labor and education.
A rescuer at the entrance to Airman's Cave in Austin, Texas, Sunday.
Matt Cox, an Austin Fire Department spokesman, said the students -- two women and one man -- were reported missing early Sunday after a trip into Airman's Cave, about four miles south of the university's campus.
In Wednesday's commentary, Bush called on Myanmar's military leaders to release Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders so they can meet with and plan for a transition to democracy.
But Ms. Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders have moral legitimacy, the support of the Burmese people and the support of the world.
Congress should cut spending "and send me a responsible measure that I can sign into law," President Bush said.
The bill -- which Bush said was laden with $10 billion in "pork" -- would have funded the departments of Labor, Education, and Health and Human Services.
PARIS, France -- France lock Sebastien Chabal has been cited for a dangerous tackle on England's Simon Shaw during Saturday's World Cup semifinal in Paris.
Simon Shaw offloads despite being tackled by Raphael Ibanez, left, and Sebastien Chabal.
Keith Reynolds was convicted for witness intimidation after threatening witnesses in his domestic assault case.
A report in the Denver Post pointed out major problems protecting witnesses in the state of Colorado.
The footage showed Diana and Dodi step into an elevator at the Ritz Hotel.
Images taken from a security camera at the Ritz Hotel in Paris show the 36-year-old smiling as she and her lover Dodi Fayed step into an elevator and later walk out of the hotel.
Lawmakers lashed back at retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez on Sunday after he criticized the war effort.
He said the Bush administration, the State Department and Congress all share blame.
The debate marked the first time the candidates had faced off on the same stage in over a month.
Unlike previous debates in which the candidates focused most of their attacks on Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, Wednesday night's attacks were launched at each other.
A U.S. military panel reviews a detainee's case at Camp Cropper near Baghdad.
Gen. Doug Stone on Wednesday reassured Iraqis about how the 25,000 detainees -- mostly Sunnis -- are treated after being taken into custody on suspicion of involvement in the insurgency.
Holding baby Brianna, Mary Winkler stands next to Matthew.
In the foreground are Mary Alice and Patricia.
Pakistan's president, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, has been under pressure to lift a state of emergency.
GEO-TV and ARY Digital offer a variety of programming, including news, entertainment, sports and music.
A thick plume of smoke rises Wednesday at a chemical plant in Jacksonville, Florida.
There is no other way to describe it," said Fire Department spokesman Tom Francis.
It is now valued at $1 billion with 18 projects underway.
Before being appointed as CEO of Qatari Diar, Al Ansari was at the office of the First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs as technical advisor.
The Supreme Court will hold oral arguments January 7 about the constitutionality of lethal injection protocols.
Forty-two people have been put to death this year, according to the Death Penalty Information Center (DPIC), a Washington-based group that opposes the practice.
MOSCOW, Russia -- Zenit Saint Petersburg have clinched their first Russian title in the post-Soviet Union era with a hard-fought 1-0 victory at Ramenskoye on Sunday.
Zenit captain Anatoly Timoshuk kisses the Russian Premier League trophy after their victory at Ramenskoye.
GLASGOW, Scotland -- Scottish Premier League leaders Celtic suffered another setback in their bid for a third successive title after being held 1-1 by managerless Hibernian on Saturday.
David Murphy's goals have earned Hibernian four points against the Auld Firm this season.
Churchgoers in six states have held prayer sessions along the side of Interstate 35.
Now, is it possible that this "highway" mentioned in Chapter 35 is actually Interstate 35 that runs through six U.S. states, from southern Texas to northern Minnesota?
On Monday evening, she was still changing the prices in her store as her customers looked on and complained, she told a reporter.
Alcohol is now 10 percent more expensive; cigarettes are 20 percent pricier.
CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta and former President Clinton lead the discussion at the first Fit Nation Summit.
Clinton and CNN's chief medical correspondent, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, gathered with experts from across the country Wednesday to explore solutions to America's obesity crisis.
DURBAN, South Africa -- India's Yuvraj Singh smashed six sixes in one over as England crashed out of cricket's World Twenty20 tournament in South Africa on Wednesday.
Yuvraj Singh smashes his sixth successive six off England fast bowler Stuart Broad .
Authorities have not yet decided if Chester Arthur Stiles will appear in person or via video link.
The judge will set a date for the arraignment at that hearing.
Making his deployment even tougher is the fact his wife may not be around when he comes back.
Mildred and Eduardo Gonzalez worry about what would happen to their family if she is deported.
Officials say about 300,000 people are still trapped by the worst flooding in the region for 50 years.
The Grijalva River pushed over its banks through the state capital of Villahermosa on Thursday, forcing government workers to evacuate and leaving up to 80 percent of the city flooded, Gov.
Afghan villagers tend to opium poppies in Taliban-controlled Helmand province in April 2007.
The report from the U.N.'s Office on Drugs and Crime shows the export value of this year's poppy harvest stood at around $4 billion, a 29 per cent increase over 2006.
MADRID, Spain -- David Nalbandian battled back to stun world No. 1 Roger Federer with a 1-6 6-3 6-3 victory in the final of the Madrid Masters on Sunday.
David Nalbandian celebrates after upsetting Roger Federer in the Madrid Masters final.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina -- Juan Roman Riquelme scored twice as Argentina beat Bolivia 3-0 to notch a third successive victory in the South American qualifiers for the 2010 World Cup on Saturday.
Juan Roman Riquelme celebrates after scoring his first goal in Argentina's win against Bolivia.
Sen. Hillary Clinton listens as Gen. David Petraeus testifies before the Senate Armed Services Committee.
Bush on Thursday is expected to endorse the recommendations of Gen. David Petraeus that the troop levels in Iraq be lowered to 130,000 by July, down from the "surge" level of 160,000.
This is the case this week, as Atlanta's High Museum of Art couples its public opening of a second year of Louvre-fueled shows from Paris, France, with an exhibition about influences on the Impressionists.
With the backing of Northern Trust, the show will then travel to Denver February 23 to May 25, 2008, and then on to the Seattle Art Museum from June 19 to September 21, 2008.
KIEV, Ukraine -- Serbian central defender Nemanja Vidic has convinced Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson that he should play in Tuesday's Champions League clash away to Dynamo Kiev.
Vidic clashes with Roma goalkeeper Gianluca Curci during the UEFA Champions League Group F match.
The Pentagon is preparing to set up new supply routes for troops in Iraq if Turkey cuts off U.S. access to the strategically important Incirlik, military officials said Tuesday.
Ankara acknowledges the killings of Armenians during World War I but vehemently objects to the "genocide" label.
LONDON, England -- Milan goalkeeper Dida has been cleared to play in next month's Champions League match at Shakhtar Donetsk after partially winning his appeal to UEFA against a two-match ban.
Dida has had one game of his two-match ban suspended for a year following an appeal to UEFA.
Reggae star Lucky Dube was much loved by his fellow South Africans.
Dube, 43, was killed in Johannesburg around 8 p.m. local time Thursday after someone tried to steal his car, Gallo Record Company said in a statement.
Men were sweating profusely, women were crying.
But the pilot of Nationwide Airlines' Boeing 737 Flight CE723 was able to fly long enough to dump fuel and make an emergency landing at Cape Town International Airport.
A volunteer distributes donated food and supplies to evacueesTuesday at San Diego's Qualcomm Stadium.
President Bush signed a federal disaster declaration Wednesday, freeing up federal funds for families affected by the wildfires in seven counties in Southern California.
Chris Benoit strangled his wife and suffocated his son before hanging himself in June.
The Dynamite Kid and his partner, Davey Boy Smith, were known as the British Bulldogs.
And, if you're lucky, you'll be able to look back on those years and laugh.
If you're less lucky, you spent those years on a reality show, so for the rest of time, millions of strangers can look back on them and laugh instead.
FIFA chief Blatter was among those in Sheffield to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of football's oldest club.
Other guests attending a dinner in the club's honor included Real Madrid President Ramon Calderon and England and Manchester United legend Bobby Charlton.
So, how did the trend for pointed-toe shoes start?
Long before they ever made an appearance on the TV show "Sex and the City," pointed shoes were favored by Polish nobles, who introduced the fashion to England on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s.
BARCELONA, England -- Ronaldinho has been recalled to the Barcelona squad for Tuesday's Champions League match against Rangers in Glasgow.
Ronaldinho was dropped from the Barcelona squad on Saturday for returning late from international duty.
The rallies, which draw mostly teens, are one part concert, one part Christian revival.
He said the group's world view "had a negative effect on me," and made him irritable and angry.
One afternoon the shells began raining down on our neighborhood in Beirut.
A Lebanese woman and her son run through west Beirut in 1989 during fighting between rival forces.
Firefighters battle the Witch fire Tuesday in the Del Dios area of Escondido, California.
The blazes have killed one person and injured at least 70 more.
Sallie Krawcheck has made Fortune's list of the World's Most Powerful Women every year since 2002 .
That's what Sallie Krawcheck does as Chairman and Chief Executive of Citi Global Wealth Management.
Firefighter Luke Perisin sets a backfire Wednesday against the Santiago Fire in Live Oak Canyon, California.
The Santiago Fire in Orange County was started in two places along a little-traveled road, according to Chief Chip Prather of the county's fire authority.
Arnold Schwarzenegger dubbed "the perfect storm for fire" eased Wednesday, helping firefighters gain ground against devastating Southern California wildfires.
A plane drops fire retardant on the fourth day of a wildfire pushed by winds through Pauma Valley, California.
An undated amateur photo of Gillian Gibbons, who has been found guilty of insulting religion.
Gillian Gibbons also faces deportation from Sudan after her prison term, her lawyer told CNN.
Six other South Carolina students were able to get out of the house in time.
The six were treated and released from nearby Brunswick Community Hospital, but Auman's daughter was hospitalized again in Hartsville, South Carolina.
Colombian President Alvaro Uribe withdrew his support for the Venezuelan leader's mediation efforts with the FARC.
Chavez noted that Uribe had asked him to help secure the release of hundreds of hostages being held by the leftist rebel group Armed Revolutionary Front of Colombia (FARC) and the National Liberation Army (ELN).
Editor's note: Ann Curley is the assignment manager for the CNN Medical News unit.
She has been a type I diabetic for 40 years.
CARDIFF, Wales -- Former Wales and British Lions center Ray Gravell has died of a suspected heart attack aged 56, the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has announced.
Gravell won 23 caps for Wales and played on the Lions tour of South Africa in 1980.
Democratic presidential hopeful Barack Obama is competing for the black vote with Hillary Clinton.
The concerts were meant to boost black voters' support for his presidential nominee bid -- the kind of events that would normally fly under the national radar.
MADRID, Spain -- Atletico Madrid recovered from their painful recent defeat by Barcelona to crush European rivals Real Zaragoza 4-0 in the Primera Liga on Sunday.
Luis Garcia celebrates his first Atletico Madrid goal in their superb 4-0 victory over Real Zaragoza.
The first phase of the Venetian Casino Resort opened in May 1999, which originally consisted of 3,036 suites though the number of suites was reduced over time to 3,014 based on renovations and remodeling.
Since it's opening, the property has received recognition as revolutionizing the Las Vegas hotel industry, and has been honored with architectural and other awards naming it as one the finest hotels in the world.
Rice was responding to foreign service officers' objections to the possibility of "directed assignments" in Iraq.
The issue has caused an uproar in the State Department, resulting in a contentious town hall-style meeting Wednesday.
Four bodies were found in a canyon in the path of the blaze Thursday.
The number of deaths attributed directly to the fires grew to seven Thursday, after the charred bodies of four people believed to be illegal immigrants were found in a canyon east of San Diego.
The USS Hampton appears in an undated photograph.
Michael B. Portland lost his post "due to a loss of confidence in his ability to command," the Navy said in a statement.
Two passengers were found dead inside the bus, said Arkansas State Police.
Forty people were hurt in Sunday night's crash, which shut down a 13-mile stretch of Interstate-40 east of Forrest City, Arkansas, said state police spokesman Bill Sadler.
Kelly Pless weighed 220 pounds at her heaviest.
She lost 95 pounds through diet and exercise.
Making history: the first double bed on a commercial jet .
On board were nearly 500 passengers who had bid thousands of dollars for the historical experience.
Iran is the only country still flying the F-14 Tomcat.
Representatives of more than a half dozen federal agencies will jointly announce their plans at a Justice Department news conference Thursday.
The UK political elite boycotted events.
The UK foreign secretary pulled out of a meeting with his Saudi counterpart to be with his new adopted son.
Roads to Goma, about 10 miles from the camps, were crowded with refugees and local residents fleeing the fighting, the UNHCR reported.
Torrential rain made the movement even more difficult.
Genarlow Wilson tells CNN on Sunday that he will be more conservative and alert in the future.
The 21-year-old, who served two years of a 10-year sentence for aggravated child molestation, said the prospect of being labeled a sex offender drove him to turn down the deal.
Feinstein and Schumer are members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which is scheduled to vote on the Mukasey nomination Tuesday.
If all the Republican members of the committee also vote for Mukasey, which is expected, his nomination will go before the full Senate.
The seats of the bus that rolled over are exposed to the snow at the crash site in southeastern Utah on Monday.
At least 50 people were on the Arrow Stage Lines bus when it crashed on state Highway 163, about five miles north of Mexican Hat, at 7:30 p.m. (9:30 p.m. ET), said Utah Highway Patrol Trooper Cameron Roden.
Banksy's latest piece in East London where a passer-by claims to have taken a photo of the artist.
The guerilla artist has been spray painting his stencils around Britain and further afield for over ten years.
Naples has had problems in finding sites for municipal dumps -- now workers have stopped collecting trash.
There is a popular saying here that roughly goes like this: everybody is competent enough (to find a solution) but nobody is responsible (for actually carrying it out).
A Russian strategic bomber flies over an airfield outside Moscow during an air show.
Putin said 14 strategic bombers had taken off simultaneously from airfields across Russia in the early hours of Friday on long-range missions.
The Hamburger -- Louis' Lunch, New Haven, Connecticut .
This burger did not come from Louis' so ketchup is OK.
U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack stressed that the details "are still unfolding," and the threat "may or may not be" linked to the Saturday raid.
Government security forces tracked down the group and arrested several members during a sweep on Saturday in the village of Mastaga, about 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Baku, the spokesman said.
The USS James E. Williams ordered pirates to give up their weapons, the Navy says.
When the battle aboard the Dai Hong Dan was over, two pirates were dead and five were captured, the Navy said.
Debra Lafave was arrested after talking with a teenager.
She is not allowed to have contact with anyone under 18.
It doesn't really matter all that much what hot, nubile French maverick has set the fashion world on fire.
Or which Milanese visionary has a new fabric technique discovered during a life-changing trip to Angkor Wat that's sure to bring back sixties minimalism with a twist.
Miami Police Chief John Timoney said he had been alerted by Philadelphia police that the suspect, John Lewis, had taken a Miami-bound bus from Philadelphia.
Acting on information from Miami Rescue Mission, officers went to a homeless shelter where they found Lewis, "who was pretty easy to spot as he's 6 feet, 270 pounds," Timoney said.
To break from the boring econobox, here are some of the more sculpted and stylish cars available for about $20,000 that will hold their looks for a long time and give a little bit of joy to a first-time owner.
If you didn't know already, Tiburon means "shark" in Spanish, and it's not hard to see how Hyundai's sporty coupe can stalk the unwary first-time buyer and snare them quickly.
Bush criticized Congress for not being able to send "a single appropriations bill" to him.
Bush said the Senate was "wasting valuable time" by taking up the children's health insurance bill, which he had earlier vetoed.
And a social worker who has worked extensively with him said he draws self-portraits that often show him with a tear running down his cheek.
A self-portrait drawn by sniper Lee Boyd Malvo.
ROME, Italy -- Italy national coach Roberto Donadoni has left Cristiano Lucarelli in his squad for next Saturday's crucial Euro 2008 qualifier in Scotland.
Lucarelli keeps his place in the Italian squad after scoring twice against South Africa.
Erik Prince, CEO and chairman of Blackwater USA, is sworn in Tuesday at a congressional hearing.
The committee convened amid an FBI investigation into a September 16 shootout involving Blackwater personnel that resulted in the deaths of Iraqi civilians.
LONDON, England -- UEFA has punished Benfica midfielder Augustin Binya with a six-match European ban following his horror tackle on Celtic's Scott Brown last week.
Augustin Binya, right, lunges towards Celtic midfielder Scott Brown during Benfica's 1-0 defeat in Glasgow.
But Clinton's path to the White House is in no way certain.
Clinton was criticized for her performance during a debate last week, and her rivals for the Democratic nomination have stepped up attacks that she has equivocated on her position on Iraq, Iran and other major issues.
Putin, right, is greeted by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad following his arrival in Tehran.
Putin, who is in Tehran to attend a summit of Caspian Sea nations, said that he and the other leaders agreed that "peaceful nuclear activities must be allowed" in the region.
But 14 other people remained in custody in the African nation, some facing serious charges that could send them to jail for up to 20 years.
The journalists were among seven Europeans a Chadian judge released Sunday, including a Spanish flight crew, whom Sarkozy dropped off in a brief stop in Madrid on his way back from Chad.
The helicopter, carrying 11 U.S. military personnel, crashed Thursday afternoon about 22 miles from Aviano, Italy.
Four people were killed and seven were injured in the crash, and two of the injured later died, the U.S. military said.
Police investigating a car crash on September 30 found Taylor Bradford, 21, fatally wounded near the campus residence hall area.
He had apparently gotten into his car after being shot, and drove a short distance before crashing into a tree.
Kevin Federline and Britney Spears, here during happier times, have two children.
Spears' former husband, Kevin Federline, is to retain custody of their two sons "until further order of the court," according to a ruling by Superior Court Judge Scott Gordon.
O.J. Simpson leaves the Clark County Detention Center late Wednesday night.
Eighth District Judge Jackie Glass hours earlier doubled Simpson's bail to ensure his appearance at an April 7 trial.
The Air Force grounded models of its F-15 fleet after the crash of an older model F-15C this month.
The F-15s were grounded after a crash earlier this month in Missouri of an older model that disintegrated in flight.
Raymond Soeoth, pictured here with his wife, says he was injected with drugs by ICE agents against his will.
One of the drugs in question is the potent anti-psychotic drug Haldol, which is often used to treat schizophrenia or other mental illnesses.
Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, of Nevada is being sought as a suspect in the videotaped rape of a young girl.
The mother did not know her daughter had ever been victimized and was apparently oblivious to efforts to find her until last Friday, Jerry T. Donohue said.
Sen. Barack Obama says Sen. Hillary Clinton has shown "flawed" judgment.
Last month, Clinton voted to support a resolution declaring Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, an elite part of the Iranian military, a foreign terrorist group.
Bryant Purvis says he is focusing on his studies and practicing basketball.
Purvis, who was facing charges of second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy, entered a not guilty plea to the reduced charges in the LaSalle Parish Courthouse in Jena.
Jemima Khan, center, ex-wife for former Pakistani cricket star Imran Khan, joins protesters in London.
Protesters waved placards and chanted in support of the resignation of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf, a week after he imposed a state of emergency in the country.
T.I., whose real name is Clifford Harris, was arrested without incident in midtown Atlanta.
The entertainer, whose real name is Clifford Harris, was arrested Saturday just hours before he was scheduled to perform at the BET Hip Hop Awards.
Shoppers sort through counterfeit brand name luxury bags and wallets on a Hong Kong street.
Authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered, involving about 300,000 bags and wallets with names like Burberry, Gucci and Coach.
Hurricane Center Bill Proenza left his job as director Monday.
Deputy Director Ed Rappaport has been temporarily placed in charge.
Families stand amid the wreckage caused by the cyclone Friday in southern Bangladesh.
Brig. Gen. Qazi Abedus Samad, director of operations for the country's armed forces, told CNN Saturday the toll had reached 1,723, and the figure is expected to rise.
A photo taken by I-Reporter Casanova Love shows a noose hanging from a pickup in Alexandria, Louisiana.
As many as 20,000 marchers had taken part in the huge protests in Jena.
R.E.M. singer Michael Stipe says the band was honored to be involved with the "Planet in Peril" project.
The song "Until the Day Is Done" also will appear later this month in "Planet in Peril," a four-hour CNN documentary that looks at environmental crises around the world.
The U.S. government wants to build a border fence like this one.
Tamez owns three acres of land along the Texas-Mexico border where the Department of Homeland Security would like to build a border fence.
Rev, Charles Kennedy uses Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard's book during a Friday night sermon.
Scientologists do not worship God, much less Jesus Christ.
An Algerian policeman stands in front of destroyed buildings in Thenia.
The attack occurred Tuesday near an office housing judicial police in the city of Thenia, about 50 km (31 miles) east of the capital of Algiers, the agency said.
Suspended Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick tested positive for marijuana in a September 13 drug test.
Vick tested positive for the drug on September 13, a court document from the Eastern District of Virginia shows.
Larry King, left, poses with (l-r) Paul McCartney, Yoko Ono Lennon, Olivia Harrison and Ringo Starr Tuesday in Las Vegas.
But actually, a lot of kids know the music," Starr said.
UNHCR goodwill ambassador Angelina Jolie visits the Al Waleed refugee camp in August.
About 2,000 Palestinian refugees are stranded in camps along the Syrian border and face difficult living conditions, including limited medical care, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said.
Missing Japanese balloonist Michio Kanda (R) with Naoki Ishikawa.
Friends of balloonist Michio Kanda, who was on a solo flight, last heard from him via satellite phone at 9 a.m. Alaska time (6 p.m. GMT) Thursday, said USCG Petty Officer Levi Read.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama will duel for Super Tuesday votes Thursday night as the Democratic presidential hopefuls face off for the first time together minus former Sen. John Edwards.
Thursday's debate is taking place at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles, California.
Lebanese soldiers and Red Cross workers stand near charred cars at the site of the explosion in Beirut.
The driver of the embassy vehicle suffered minor injuries, and the sole passenger walked away unscathed, U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said.
Our first story has a fairy-tale middle and a horrible ending.
In August of '77, Bobby Murcer of the Cubs promised to hit a home run for terminally ill fan Scott Crull.
