Anarchism advocates for the replacement of the state with stateless societies and voluntary free associations.
As a historically left-wing movement, this reading of anarchism is placed on the farthest left of the political spectrum, usually described as the libertarian wing of the socialist movement (libertarian socialism).
Humans have lived in societies without formal hierarchies long before the establishment of states, realms, or empires.
It is measured on a scale from 0 (corresponding to a black body that absorbs all incident radiation) to 1 (corresponding to a body that reflects all incident radiation).
Surface albedo is defined as the ratio of radiosity Je to the irradiance Ee (flux per unit area) received by a surface.
The proportion reflected is not only determined by properties of the surface itself, but also by the spectral and angular distribution of solar radiation reaching the Earth's surface.
A, or a, is the first letter and the first vowel of the Latin alphabet, used in the modern English alphabet, the alphabets of other western European languages and others worldwide.
It is similar in shape to the Ancient Greek letter Alpha, from which it derives.
The uppercase version consists of the two slanting sides of a triangle, crossed in the middle by a horizontal bar.
Florida and the Gulf of Mexico to the south; and Mississippi to the west.
Alabama is the 30th largest by area and the 24th-most populous of the U.S. states.
Alabama is nicknamed the Yellowhammer State, after the state bird.
A central character in Homer's Iliad, he was the son of the Nereid Thetis and Peleus, king of Phthia and famous Argonaut.
Achilles was raised in Phthia along his childhood companion Patroclus and received his education by the centaur Chiron.
In the Iliad, he is presented as the commander of the mythical tribe of the Myrmidons.
Abraham Lincoln ( ; February 12, 1809 – April 15, 1865) was an American lawyer, politician, and statesman who served as the 16th president of the United States from 1861 until his assassination in 1865.
Lincoln was born into poverty in a log cabin in Kentucky and was raised on the frontier, primarily in Indiana.
He was self-educated and became a lawyer, Whig Party leader, Illinois state legislator, and U.S. congressman from Illinois.
His writings cover a broad range of subjects spanning the natural sciences, philosophy, linguistics, economics, politics, psychology and the arts.
As the founder of the Peripatetic school of philosophy in the Lyceum in Athens, he began the wider Aristotelian tradition that followed, which set the groundwork for the development of modern science.
He was born in the city of Stagira in northern Greece during the Classical period.
An American in Paris is a jazz-influenced symphonic poem (or tone poem) for orchestra by American composer George Gershwin first performed in 1928.
It was inspired by the time that Gershwin had spent in Paris and evokes the sights and energy of the French capital during the .
Gershwin scored the piece for the standard instruments of the symphony orchestra plus celesta, saxophones, and automobile horns.
The Academy Award for Best Production Design recognizes achievement for art direction in film.
The category's original name was Best Art Direction, but was changed to its current name in 2012 for the 85th Academy Awards.
This change resulted from the Art Directors' branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) being renamed the Designers' branch.
The Academy Awards, mainly known as the Oscars, are awards for artistic and technical merit for the film industry.
The Academy Awards are regarded by many as the most prestigious, significant awards in the entertainment industry in the United States and worldwide.
The Oscar statuette depicts a knight rendered in the Art Deco style.
Actresses (Catalan: Actrius) is a 1997 Catalan language Spanish drama film produced and directed by Ventura Pons and based on the award-winning stage play E.R. by Josep Maria Benet i Jornet.
The film has no male actors, with all roles played by females.
The film had first screened at the same location in 1998.
Animalia is an illustrated children's book by Graeme Base.
It was originally published in 1986, followed by a tenth anniversary edition in 1996, and a 25th anniversary edition in 2012.
Over four million copies have been sold worldwide.
International Atomic Time (abbreviated TAI, from its French name ) is a high-precision atomic coordinate time standard based on the notional passage of proper time on Earth's geoid.
TAI is a weighted average of the time kept by over 450 atomic clocks in over 80 national laboratories worldwide.
It is a continuous scale of time, without leap seconds, and it is the principal realisation of Terrestrial Time (with a fixed offset of epoch).
Altruism is the principle and practice of concern for the well-being and/or happiness of other humans or animals.
While objects of altruistic concern vary, it is an important moral value in many cultures and religions.
It may be considered a synonym of selflessness, the opposite of selfishness.
She is known for her fiction and for developing a philosophical system she named Objectivism.
Born and educated in Russia, she moved to the United States in 1926.
After two early novels that were initially unsuccessful and two Broadway plays, she achieved fame with her 1943 novel, The Fountainhead.
Alain Connes (; born 1 April 1947 in Draguignan) is a French mathematician, known for his contributions to the study of operator algebras and noncommutative geometry.
He is a professor at the , , Ohio State University and Vanderbilt University.
He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1982.
Allan Dwan (born Joseph Aloysius Dwan; April 3, 1885 – December 28, 1981) was a pioneering Canadian-born American motion picture director, producer, and screenwriter.
The family moved to the United States when he was seven years old on December 4, 1892, by ferry from Windsor to Detroit, according to his naturalization petition of August 1939.
His elder brother, Leo Garnet Dwan (1883–1964), became a physician.
Algeria, officially the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria, is a country in North Africa.
It is considered part of the Maghreb region of North Africa.
It has a semi-arid geography, with most of the population living in the fertile north and the Sahara dominating the geography of the south.
This is a list of characters in Ayn Rand's 1957 novel Atlas Shrugged.
She is vice-president in Charge of Operations for Taggart Transcontinental, under her brother, James Taggart.
Given James' incompetence, Dagny is responsible for all the workings of the railroad.
Anthropology is the scientific study of humanity, concerned with human behavior, human biology, cultures, societies, and linguistics, in both the present and past, including past human species.
Social anthropology studies patterns of behavior, while cultural anthropology studies cultural meaning, including norms and values.
A portmanteau term sociocultural anthropology is commonly used today.
Professionals of the agricultural science are called agricultural scientists or agriculturists.
In the 18th century, Johann Friedrich Mayer conducted experiments on the use of gypsum (hydrated calcium sulphate) as a fertilizer.
In 1843, John Bennet Lawes and Joseph Henry Gilbert began a set of long-term field experiments at Rothamsted Research in England, some of which are still running as of 2018.
In its Western form, alchemy is first attested in a number of pseudepigraphical texts written in Greco-Roman Egypt during the first few centuries AD.
Alchemists attempted to purify, mature, and perfect certain materials.
Common aims were chrysopoeia, the transmutation of "base metals" (e.g., lead) into "noble metals" (particularly gold); the creation of an elixir of immortality; and the creation of panaceas able to cure any disease.
An astronomer is a scientist in the field of astronomy who focuses their studies on a specific question or field outside the scope of Earth.
They observe astronomical objects such as stars, planets, moons, comets and galaxies – in either observational (by analyzing the data) or theoretical astronomy.
Examples of topics or fields astronomers study include planetary science, solar astronomy, the origin or evolution of stars, or the formation of galaxies.
ASCII codes represent text in computers, telecommunications equipment, and other devices.
Because of technical limitations of computer systems at the time it was invented, ASCII has just 128 code points, of which only 95 are , which severely limited its scope.
Modern computer systems have evolved to use Unicode, which has millions of code points, but the first 128 of these are the same as the ASCII set.
Austin is the capital of Texas in the United States.
Animation is the method that encompasses myriad filmmaking techniques, by which still images are manipulated to create moving images.
In traditional animation, images are drawn or painted by hand on transparent celluloid sheets (cels) to be photographed and exhibited on film.
Animation has been recognized as an artistic medium, specifically within the entertainment industry.
Apollo has been recognized as a god of archery, music and dance, truth and prophecy, healing and diseases, the Sun and light, poetry, and more.
One of the most important and complex of the Greek gods, he is the son of Zeus and Leto, and the twin brother of Artemis, goddess of the hunt.
He is considered to be the most beautiful god and is represented as the ideal of the kouros (ephebe, or a beardless, athletic youth).
Andre Kirk Agassi ( ; born April 29, 1970) is an American former world No. 1 tennis player.
He is an eight-time major champion and an Olympic gold medalist, as well as a runner-up in seven other majors.
Agassi is widely considered one of the greatest tennis players of all time.
Approximately 117 million people speak an Austroasiatic language, of which more than two-thirds are Vietnamese speakers.
Only two are presently considered to be the national languages of sovereign states: Vietnamese in Vietnam, and Khmer in Cambodia.
Santali is one of the 22 scheduled languages of India.
Over 500 million people are native speakers of an Afroasiatic language, constituting the fourth-largest language family after Indo-European, Sino-Tibetan, and Niger–Congo.
Most linguists divide the family into six branches: Berber, Chadic, Cushitic, Egyptian, Semitic, and Omotic.
The vast majority of Afroasiatic languages are considered indigenous to the African continent, including all those not belonging to the Semitic branch.
Andorra, officially the Principality of Andorra, is a sovereign landlocked country and microstate on the Iberian Peninsula, in the eastern Pyrenees, bordered by France to the north and Spain to the south.
Believed to have been created by Charlemagne, Andorra was ruled by the count of Urgell until 988, when it was transferred to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Urgell.
The present principality was formed by a charter in 1278.
The collection is often a set of results from an experiment, an observational study, or a survey.
The term "arithmetic mean" is preferred in some mathematics and statistics contexts because it helps distinguish it from other types of means, such as geometric and harmonic.
In addition to mathematics and statistics, the arithmetic mean is frequently used in economics, anthropology, history, and almost every academic field to some extent.
The American Football Conference (AFC) is one of the two conferences of the National Football League (NFL), the highest professional level of American football in the United States.
The AFC and its counterpart, the National Football Conference (NFC), each contain 16 teams with 4 divisions.
Both conferences were created as part of the 1970 merger between the National Football League, and the American Football League (AFL).
Animal Farm is a beast fable, in the form of a satirical allegorical novella, by George Orwell, first published in England on 17 August 1945.
It tells the story of a group of anthropomorphic farm animals who rebel against their human farmer, hoping to create a society where the animals can be equal, free, and happy.
Ultimately, the rebellion is betrayed and, under the dictatorship of a pig named Napoleon, the farm ends up in a state as bad as it was before.
Amphibians are ectothermic, anamniotic, four-limbed vertebrate animals that constitute the class Amphibia.
They are a paraphyletic group encompassing all tetrapods excluding the amniotes (tetrapods with an amniotic membrane, such as modern reptiles, birds, and mammals).
All extant (living) amphibians belong to the subclass Lissamphibia, with three living orders: Anura (frogs), Urodela (salamanders), and Gymnophiona (caecilians).
It borders British Columbia and Yukon in Canada to the east and it shares a western maritime border in the Bering Strait with Russia's Chukotka Autonomous Okrug.
The Chukchi and Beaufort Seas of the Arctic Ocean lie to the north and the Pacific Ocean lies to the south.
Technically a semi-exclave of the U.S., Alaska is the largest exclave in the world.
Agriculture encompasses crop and livestock production, aquaculture, fisheries and forestry for food and non-food products.
Agriculture was the key development in the rise of sedentary human civilization, whereby farming of domesticated species created food surpluses that enabled people to live in cities.
While humans started gathering grains at least 105,000 years ago, nascent farmers only began planting them around 11,500 years ago.
Aldous Leonard Huxley ( ; 26 July 1894 – 22 November 1963) was an English writer and philosopher.
His bibliography spans nearly 50 books, including novels and non-fiction works, as well as essays, narratives, and poems.
Born into the prominent Huxley family, he graduated from Balliol College, Oxford, with an undergraduate degree in English literature.
Algae (, ; : alga ) is an informal term for a large and diverse group of photosynthetic, eukaryotic organisms.
It is a polyphyletic grouping that includes species from multiple distinct clades.
Most are aquatic and lack many of the distinct cell and tissue types, such as stomata, xylem and phloem that are found in land plants.
Analysis of variance (ANOVA) is a collection of statistical models and their associated estimation procedures (such as the "variation" among and between groups) used to analyze the differences among means.
ANOVA was developed by the statistician Ronald Fisher.
ANOVA is based on the law of total variance, where the observed variance in a particular variable is partitioned into components attributable to different sources of variation.
In organic chemistry, an alkane, or paraffin (a historical trivial name that also has other meanings), is an acyclic saturated hydrocarbon.
In other words, an alkane consists of hydrogen and carbon atoms arranged in a tree structure in which all the carbon–carbon bonds are single.
Alkanes have the general chemical formula .
United States appellate procedure involves the rules and regulations for filing appeals in state courts and federal courts.
The nature of an appeal can vary greatly depending on the type of case and the rules of the court in the jurisdiction where the case was prosecuted.
There are many types of standard of review for appeals, such as de novo and abuse of discretion.
It may have been preceded by an optional "pre-answer" motion to dismiss or demurrer; if such a motion is unsuccessful, the defendant must file an answer to the complaint or risk an adverse default judgment.
In a criminal case, there is usually an arraignment or some other kind of appearance before the defendant comes to court.
The pleading in the criminal case, which is entered on the record in open court, is usually either guilty or not guilty.
An appellate court, commonly called a court of appeal(s), appeal court, court of second instance or second instance court, is any court of law that is empowered to hear an appeal of a trial court or other lower tribunal.
A particular court system's supreme court is its highest appellate court.
Appellate courts nationwide can operate under varying rules.
Arraignment is a formal reading of a criminal charging document in the presence of the defendant, to inform them of the charges against them.
In response to arraignment, in some jurisdictions, the accused is expected to enter a plea; in other jurisdictions, no plea is required.
Acceptable pleas vary among jurisdictions, but they generally include guilty, not guilty, and the peremptory pleas, or pleas in bar, setting out reasons why a trial cannot proceed.
Its lyrics were written by Katharine Lee Bates and its music was composed by church organist and choirmaster Samuel A. Ward at Grace Episcopal Church in Newark, New Jersey.
Bates wrote the words as a poem, originally entitled "Pikes Peak".
It was first published in the Fourth of July 1895 edition of the church periodical, The Congregationalist.
Assistive technology (AT) is a term for assistive, adaptive, and rehabilitative devices for people with disabilities and the elderly.
Disabled people often have difficulty performing activities of daily living (ADLs) independently, or even with assistance.
ADLs are self-care activities that include toileting, mobility (ambulation), eating, bathing, dressing, grooming, and personal device care.
The abacus consists of a two-dimensional array of slidable beads (or similar objects).
In their earliest designs, the beads could be loose on a flat surface or sliding in grooves.
Later the beads were made to slide on rods and built into a frame, allowing faster manipulation.
An acid is a molecule or ion capable of either donating a proton (i.e. hydrogen ion, H+), known as a Brønsted–Lowry acid, or forming a covalent bond with an electron pair, known as a Lewis acid.
The first category of acids are the proton donors, or Brønsted–Lowry acids.
In the special case of aqueous solutions, proton donors form the hydronium ion H3O+ and are known as Arrhenius acids.
Depending on its exact composition it can be a sticky, black liquid or an apparently solid mass that behaves as a liquid over very large time scales.
In the U.S., the material is commonly referred to as asphalt.
Whether found in natural deposits or refined from petroleum, the substance is classed as a pitch.
The organization also coordinates U.S. standards with international standards so that American products can be used worldwide.
ANSI accredits standards that are developed by representatives of other standards organizations, government agencies, consumer groups, companies, and others.
These standards ensure that the characteristics and performance of products are consistent, that people use the same definitions and terms, and that products are tested the same way.
In logic and philosophy, an argument is an attempt to persuade someone of something, or give evidence or reasons for accepting a particular conclusion.
Apollo 11 (July 16–24, 1969) was the American spaceflight that first landed humans on the Moon.
Aldrin joined him 19 minutes later, and they spent about two and a quarter hours together exploring the site they had named Tranquility Base upon landing.
Apollo 11 was launched by a Saturn V rocket from Kennedy Space Center on Merritt Island, Florida, on July 16 at 13:32 UTC, and it was the fifth crewed mission of NASA's Apollo program.
Apollo 8 (December 21–27, 1968) was the first crewed spacecraft to leave low Earth orbit and the first human spaceflight to reach the Moon.
The crew orbited the Moon ten times without landing, and then departed safely back to Earth.
These three astronauts—Frank Borman, James Lovell, and William Anders—were the first humans to witness and photograph the far side of the Moon and an Earthrise.
Although generally reserved for professional space travelers, the term is sometimes applied to anyone who travels into space, including scientists, politicians, journalists, and tourists.
In China, the People's Liberation Army Astronaut Corps astronauts and their foreign counterparts are all officially called hángtiānyuán (, meaning "heaven navigator" or literally "heaven-sailing staff").
Since 1961, 600 astronauts have flown in space.
The essay suggests that the impoverished Irish might ease their economic troubles by selling their children as food to rich gentlemen and ladies.
This satirical hyperbole mocked heartless attitudes towards the poor, who were predominantly Irish Catholic (i.e., "Papists"), as well as British policy towards the Irish in general.
In English writing, the phrase "a modest proposal" is now conventionally an allusion to this style of straight-faced satire.
The alkali metals consist of the chemical elements lithium (Li), sodium (Na), potassium (K), rubidium (Rb), caesium (Cs), and francium (Fr).
Together with hydrogen they constitute group 1, which lies in the s-block of the periodic table.
All alkali metals have their outermost electron in an s-orbital: this shared electron configuration results in their having very similar characteristic properties.
An alphabet is a standardized set of basic written graphemes (called letters) representing phonemes, units of sounds that distinguish words, of certain spoken languages.
Not all writing systems represent language in this way; in a syllabary, each character represents a syllable, and logographic systems use characters to represent words, morphemes, or other semantic units.
The Egyptians have created the first alphabet in a technical sense.
The atomic number or nuclear charge number (symbol Z) of a chemical element is the charge number of an atomic nucleus.
For ordinary nuclei composed of protons and neutrons, this is equal to the proton number (np) or the number of protons found in the nucleus of every atom of that element.
The atomic number can be used to uniquely identify ordinary chemical elements.
Anatomy is a branch of natural science that deals with the structural organization of living things.
It is an old science, having its beginnings in prehistoric times.
Anatomy and physiology, which study the structure and function of organisms and their parts respectively, make a natural pair of related disciplines, and are often studied together.
This arises when the consequent ("the room would be dark") has other possible antecedents (for example, "the lamp is in working order, but is switched off" or "there is no lamp in the room").
Converse errors are common in everyday thinking and communication and can result from, among other causes, communication issues, misconceptions about logic, and failure to consider other causes.
The opposite statement, denying the consequent, is called modus tollens and is a valid form of argument.
Andrei Arsenyevich Tarkovsky (; 4 April 1932 – 29 December 1986) was a Russian film director and screenwriter.
A number of his films from this period are ranked among the best films ever made.
Nostalghia (1983) and The Sacrifice (1986) were produced in Italy and Sweden respectively.
Ambiguity is the type of meaning in which a phrase, statement, or resolution is not explicitly defined, making several interpretations plausible.
A common aspect of ambiguity is uncertainty.
It is thus an attribute of any idea or statement whose intended meaning cannot be definitively resolved, according to a rule or process with a finite number of steps.
Abel is a Biblical figure in the Book of Genesis within Abrahamic religions.
He was the younger brother of Cain, and the younger son of Adam and Eve, the first couple in Biblical history.
He was a shepherd who offered his firstborn flock up to God as an offering.
An animal is a multicellular, eukaryotic organism of the kingdom Animalia or Metazoa.
The aardvark ( ; Orycteropus afer) is a medium-sized, burrowing, nocturnal mammal native to Africa.
It is the only living species of the order Tubulidentata, although other prehistoric species and genera of Tubulidentata are known.
Unlike most other insectivores, it has a long snout, similar to that of a pig, which is used to sniff out food.
The aardwolf (Proteles cristatus) is an insectivorous species of hyena, native to East and Southern Africa.
Its name means "earth-wolf" in Afrikaans and Dutch.
It is also called the maanhaar-jackal (Afrikaans for "mane-jackal"), termite-eating hyena and civet hyena, based on its habit of secreting substances from its anal gland, a characteristic shared with the African civet.
Most adobe buildings are similar in appearance to cob and rammed earth buildings.
Adobe is among the earliest building materials, and is used throughout the world.
Adobe architecture has been dated to before 5,100 B.C.
An adventure is an exciting experience or undertaking that is typically bold, sometimes risky.
Adventures may be activities with danger such as traveling, exploring, skydiving, mountain climbing, scuba diving, river rafting, or other extreme sports.
Adventures are often undertaken to create psychological arousal or in order to achieve a greater goal, such as the pursuit of knowledge that can only be obtained by such activities.
It covers an area of more than 44 million square kilometers, about 30% of Earth's total land area and 8% of Earth's total surface area.
The continent, which has long been home to the majority of the human population, was the site of many of the first civilizations.
Its 4.7 billion people constitute roughly 60% of the world's population, having more people than all other continents combined.
Together with Bonaire and Curaçao, Aruba forms a group referred to as the ABC islands.
Collectively, these and the other three Dutch substantial islands in the Caribbean are often called the Dutch Caribbean, of which Aruba has about one-third of the population.
In 1986, it became a constituent country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands, and acquired the formal name the Country of Aruba.
The Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union was an agreement among the 13 states of the United States, formerly the Thirteen Colonies, that served as the nation's first frame of government.
It was debated by the Second Continental Congress at Independence Hall in Philadelphia between July 1776 and November 1777, and finalized by the Congress on November 15, 1777.
It came into force on March 1, 1781, after being ratified by all 13 colonial states.
Asia Minor is an alternative name for Anatolia, the westernmost protrusion of Asia, comprising the majority of the Republic of Turkey.
The Atlantic Ocean is the second-largest of the world's five oceans, with an area of about .
It covers approximately 17% of Earth's surface and about 24% of its water surface area.
It is known to separate the "Old World" of Africa, Europe, and Asia from the "New World" of the Americas in the European perception of the World.
Arthur Schopenhauer ( , ; 22 February 1788 – 21 September 1860) was a German philosopher.
He is best known for his 1818 work The World as Will and Representation (expanded in 1844), which characterizes the phenomenal world as the manifestation of a blind and irrational noumenal will.
Building on the transcendental idealism of Immanuel Kant (1724–1804), Schopenhauer developed an atheistic metaphysical and ethical system that rejected the contemporaneous ideas of German idealism.
It is the second-largest Lusophone (Portuguese-speaking) country in both total area and population (behind Brazil in both cases), and is the seventh-largest country in Africa.
It is bordered by Namibia to the south, the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north, Zambia to the east, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west.
Angola has an exclave province, the province of Cabinda, that borders the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Demographic features of the population of Angola include population density, ethnicity, education level, health of the populace, economic status, religious affiliations and other aspects.
According to 2014 census data, Angola had a population of 25,789,024 inhabitants in 2014.
Ethnically, there are three main groups, each speaking a Bantu language: the Ovimbundu who represent 37% of the population, the Ambundu with 25%, and the Bakongo 11%.
Legislative power rests with the 220 parliamentarians elected to the National Assembly.
The President of the Republic, together with the parliament, appoints the majority of the members of the two highest bodies of the judiciary, that is, the Constitutional Court and the Supreme Court.
The judiciary is still made up of the Court of Auditors and the Supreme Military Court.
The economy of Angola remains heavily influenced by the effects of four decades of conflict in the last part of the 20th century, the war for independence from Portugal (1961–75) and the subsequent civil war (1975–2002).
Despite extensive oil and gas resources, diamonds, hydroelectric potential, and rich agricultural land, Angola remains poor, and a third of the population relies on subsistence agriculture.
Since 2002, when the 27-year civil war ended, government policy prioritized the repair and improvement of infrastructure and strengthening of political and social institutions.
Reconstruction of these three lines began in 2005 and they are now all operational.
The Benguela Railway connects to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Angola plans to build an oil refinery in Lobito in the coming years.
The FAA is headed by the Chief of the General Staff António Egídio de Sousa Santos since 2018, who reports to the minister of National Defense, currently João Ernesto dos Santos.
As part of the peace agreement, troops from both armies were to be demilitarized and then integrated.
Integration was never completed as UNITA and FALA went back to war in 1992.
The foreign relations of Angola are based on Angola's strong support of U.S. foreign policy as the Angolan economy is dependent on U.S. foreign aid.
From 1975 to 1989, Angola was aligned with the Eastern bloc, in particular the Soviet Union, Libya, and Cuba.
In 1993, it established formal diplomatic relations with the United States.
Albert Sidney Johnston (February 2, 1803 – April 6, 1862) served as a general in three different armies: the Texian Army, the United States Army, and the Confederate States Army.
He saw extensive combat during his 34-year military career, fighting actions in the Black Hawk War, the Texas-Indian Wars, the Mexican–American War, the Utah War, and the American Civil War.
Johnston was the highest-ranking officer on either side killed during the entire war.
An android is a humanoid robot or other artificial being often made from a flesh-like material.
Historically, androids were completely within the domain of science fiction and frequently seen in film and television, but advances in robot technology now allow the design of functional and realistic humanoid robots.
The Oxford English Dictionary traces the earliest use (as "Androides") to Ephraim Chambers' 1728 Cyclopaedia, in reference to an automaton that St. Albertus Magnus allegedly created.
It is a part of Western Canada and is one of the three prairie provinces.
Alberta is bordered by British Columbia to the west, Saskatchewan to the east, the Northwest Territories to the north, and the U.S. state of Montana to the south.
It is one of the only two landlocked provinces in Canada, with Saskatchewan being the other.
They are so called because of their lightly built fins made of webs of skin supported by radially extended bony spines, as opposed to the bulkier, fleshy lobed fins of the sister class Sarcopterygii (lobe-finned fish).
Resembling folding fans, the actinopterygian fins can change shape and wetted area easily, providing superior thrust-to-weight ratios per movement compared to sarcopterygian and chondrichthyian fins.
The fin rays attach directly to the proximal or basal skeletal elements, the radials, which represent the articulation between these fins and the internal skeleton (e.g., pelvic and pectoral girdles).
Albert Einstein ( ; ; 14 March 1879 – 18 April 1955) was a German-born theoretical physicist who is widely held to be one of the greatest and most influential scientists of all time.
His mass–energy equivalence formula , which arises from relativity theory, has been called "the world's most famous equation".
He received the 1921 Nobel Prize in Physics "for his services to theoretical physics, and especially for his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect", a pivotal step in the development of quantum theory.
Afghanistan, officially the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan, is a landlocked country located at the crossroads of Central Asia and South Asia.
Kabul is the country's largest city and serves as its capital.
According to the World Population review, , Afghanistan's population is 40.2 million The National Statistics Information Authority of Afghanistan estimated the population to be 32.9 million .
Spanning an area of , it displays a varied range of climatic, geological, hydrological and morphological conditions.
Tirana is the capital and largest city in the country, followed by Durrës, Vlorë, and Shkodër.
In ancient times, the Illyrians inhabited northern and central regions of Albania, whilst Epirotes inhabited the south.
In the English language, the word generally refers to God in Islam.
The word Allah has been used by Arabic people of different religions since pre-Islamic times.
The pre-Islamic Arabs worshipped a supreme deity whom they called Allah, alongside other lesser deities.
Algorithms is a monthly peer-reviewed open-access scientific journal of mathematics, covering design, analysis, and experiments on algorithms.
The journal is published by MDPI and was established in 2008.
The founding editor-in-chief was Kazuo Iwama (Kyoto University).
The Azerbaijan Democratic Republic proclaimed its independence from the Transcaucasian Democratic Federative Republic in 1918 and became the first secular democratic Muslim-majority state.
In 1920, the country was incorporated into the Soviet Union as the Azerbaijan SSR.
The modern Republic of Azerbaijan proclaimed its independence on 30 August 1991, shortly before the dissolution of the Soviet Union in the same year.
Amateur astronomy is a hobby where participants enjoy observing or imaging celestial objects in the sky using the unaided eye, binoculars, or telescopes.
Amateur astronomers do not use the field of astronomy as their primary source of income or support, and usually have no professional degree in astrophysics or advanced academic training in the subject.
Most amateurs are hobbyists, while others have a high degree of experience in astronomy and may often assist and work alongside professional astronomers.
Aikido is now practiced in around 140 countries.
It was originally developed by Morihei Ueshiba, as a synthesis of his martial studies, philosophy and religious beliefs.
Ueshiba's goal was to create an art that practitioners could use to defend themselves while also protecting their attackers from injury.
Art is a diverse range of human activity, and its resulting product, that involves creative or imaginative talent expressive of technical proficiency, beauty, emotional power, or conceptual ideas.
There is no generally agreed definition of what constitutes art, and its interpretation has varied greatly throughout history and across cultures.
In the Western tradition, the three classical branches of visual art are painting, sculpture, and architecture.
Agnostida are an order of extinct arthropods which have classically been seen as a group of highly modified trilobites, though some recent research has doubted this placement.
Regardless, they appear to be close relatives as part of the Artiopoda.
They are present in the Lower Cambrian fossil record along with trilobites from the Redlichiida, Corynexochida, and Ptychopariida orders, and were highly diverse throughout the Cambrian.
Abortion is the termination of a pregnancy by removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus.
An abortion that occurs without intervention is known as a miscarriage or "spontaneous abortion"; these occur in approximately 30% to 40% of all pregnancies.
When deliberate steps are taken to end a pregnancy, it is called an induced abortion, or less frequently "induced miscarriage".
In law, an abstract is a brief statement that contains the most important points of a long legal document or of several related legal papers.
The abstract of title, used in real estate transactions, is the more common form of abstract.
An abstract of title lists all the owners of a piece of land, a house, or a building before it came into possession of the present owner.
Fighting began on April 19, 1775, at the Battles of Lexington and Concord.
American patriot forces eventually gained the support of the Kingdom of France and the Kingdom of Spain.
The British and Loyalist forces also included Hessian soldiers from Germany.
It is named after French mathematician and physicist André-Marie Ampère (1775–1836), considered the father of electromagnetism along with Danish physicist Hans Christian Ørsted.
The unit of current is then defined as one unit of charge per second.
In SI, the unit of charge, the coulomb, is defined as the charge carried by one ampere during one second.
Algorithms are used as specifications for performing calculations and data processing.
Using human characteristics as descriptors of machines in metaphorical ways was already practiced by Alan Turing with terms such as "memory", "search" and "stimulus".
As an effective method, an algorithm can be expressed within a finite amount of space and time and in a well-defined formal language for calculating a function.
An annual plant is a plant that completes its life cycle, from germination to the production of seeds, within one growing season, and then dies.
The length of growing seasons and period in which they take place vary according to geographical location, and may not correspond to the four traditional seasonal divisions of the year.
Summer annuals germinate during spring or early summer and mature by autumn of the same year.
The anthophytes are a paraphyletic grouping of plant taxa bearing flower-like reproductive structures.
The group, once thought to be a clade, contained the angiosperms - the extant flowering plants, such as roses and grasses - as well as the Gnetales and the extinct Bennettitales.
Detailed morphological and molecular studies have shown that the group is not actually monophyletic, with proposed floral homologies of the gnetophytes and the angiosperms having evolved in parallel.
Additionally, some rinses act as saliva substitutes to neutralize acid and keep the mouth moist in xerostomia (dry mouth).
Cosmetic mouthrinses temporarily control or reduce bad breath and leave the mouth with a pleasant taste.
Rinsing with water or mouthwash after brushing with a fluoride toothpaste can reduce the availability of salivary fluoride.
Alexander III of Macedon (; 20/21 July 356 BC – 10/11 June 323 BC), commonly known as Alexander the Great, was a king of the ancient Greek kingdom of Macedon.
He succeeded his father Philip II to the throne in 336 BC at the age of 20, and spent most of his ruling years conducting a lengthy military campaign throughout Western Asia and Egypt.
By the age of 30, he had created one of the largest empires in history, stretching from Greece to northwestern India.
July 3, 1879 – March 1, 1950) was a Polish-American independent scholar who developed a field called general semantics, which he viewed as both distinct from, and more encompassing than, the field of semantics.
His best known dictum is "The map is not the territory".
Born in Warsaw, Vistula Country, which was then part of the Russian Empire, Korzybski belonged to an aristocratic Polish family whose members had worked as mathematicians, scientists, and engineers for generations.
Asteroids is a space-themed multidirectional shooter arcade video game designed by Lyle Rains and Ed Logg released in November 1979 by Atari, Inc.
The player controls a single spaceship in an asteroid field which is periodically traversed by flying saucers.
The object of the game is to shoot and destroy the asteroids and saucers, while not colliding with either, or being hit by the saucers' counter-fire.
Asparagales (asparagoid lilies) is an order of plants in modern classification systems such as the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group (APG) and the Angiosperm Phylogeny Web.
The order takes its name from the type family Asparagaceae and is placed in the monocots amongst the lilioid monocots.
The order has only recently been recognized in classification systems.
The Alismatales (alismatids) are an order of flowering plants including about 4,500 species.
Plants assigned to this order are mostly tropical or aquatic.
Some grow in fresh water, some in marine habitats.
The Apiales are an order of flowering plants.
The families are those recognized in the APG III system.
This is typical of the newer classifications, though there is some slight variation and in particular, the Torriceliaceae may also be divided.
While asterids in general are characterized by fused petals, composite flowers consisting of many florets create the false appearance of separate petals (as found in the rosids).
Asterales are organisms that seem to have evolved from one common ancestor.
Asterales share characteristics on morphological and biochemical levels.
An asteroid is a minor planet—an object that is neither a true planet nor a comet—that orbits within the inner Solar System.
They are rocky, metallic or icy bodies with no atmosphere.
Sizes and shapes of asteroids vary significantly, ranging from 1-meter rocks to a dwarf planet almost 1000 km in diameter.
An allocution, or allocutus, is a formal statement made to the court by the defendant who has been found guilty prior to being sentenced.
It is part of the criminal procedure in some jurisdictions using common law.
In plea bargains, an allocution may be required of the defendant.
Such a statement is witnessed as to the authenticity of the affiant's signature by a taker of oaths, such as a notary public or commissioner of oaths.
An affidavit is typically defined as a written declaration or statement that is sworn or affirmed before a person who has authority to administer an oath.
There is no general defined form for an affidavit, although for some proceedings an affidavit must satisfy legal or statutory requirements in order to be considered.
It is located in the Northern celestial hemisphere between Pisces to the west and Taurus to the east.
It is a mid-sized constellation ranking 39th in overall size, with an area of 441 square degrees (1.1% of the celestial sphere).
Aries has represented a ram since late Babylonian times.
Aquarius is an equatorial constellation of the zodiac, between Capricornus and Pisces.
Aquarius is one of the oldest of the recognized constellations along the zodiac (the Sun's apparent path).
It was one of the 48 constellations listed by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, and it remains one of the 88 modern constellations.
Outside Japan and in English, anime refers specifically to animation produced in Japan.
Many works of animation with a similar style to Japanese animation are also produced outside Japan.
Video games sometimes also feature themes and artstyles that can be considered as "anime".
The Ottomans made the city the capital first of the Anatolia Eyalet (1393 – late 15th century) and then the Angora Eyalet (1827–1864) and the Angora Vilayet (1867–1922).
The hill remains crowned by the ruins of Ankara Castle.
On 23 April 1920, the Grand National Assembly of Turkey was established in Ankara, which became the headquarters of the Turkish National Movement during the Turkish War of Independence.
Having emerged in the 1st century AD, it is named after the Arab people; the term "Arab" was initially used to describe those living in the Arabian Peninsula, as perceived by geographers from ancient Greece.
Colloquial dialects vary significantly from MSA, impeding mutual intelligibility.
MSA is only acquired through formal education and is not spoken natively.
He is widely regarded as one of the most influential figures in the history of cinema.
In a career spanning six decades, he directed over 50 feature films, many of which are still widely watched and studied today.
His films garnered 46 Academy Award nominations, including six wins, although he never won the award for Best Director, despite five nominations.
Anacondas or water boas are a group of large snakes of the genus Eunectes.
They are found in tropical South America.
Henry Yule in his Hobson-Jobson notes that the word became more popular due to a piece of fiction published in 1768 in the Scots Magazine by a certain R. Edwin.
The hypothetical language family has long been rejected by most comparative linguists, although it continues to be supported by a small but stable scholarly minority.
Speakers of the constituent languages are currently scattered over most of Asia north of 35° N and in some eastern parts of Europe, extending in longitude from the Balkan Peninsula to Japan.
The group is named after the Altai mountain range in the center of Asia.
It has the highest sociolinguistic prestige locally, as it is the variation used in the media and for other formal situations.
In less formal situations, Austrians use Bavarian and Alemannic dialects, which are traditionally spoken but rarely written in Austria.
It has been formalized and standardized (in Austria) since publishing the Österreichisches Wörterbuch by the Austrian Ministry of Education, Science and Research in 1951.
In mathematics, the axiom of choice, abbreviated AC or AoC, is an axiom of set theory equivalent to the statement that a Cartesian product of a collection of non-empty sets is non-empty.
The axiom of choice was formulated in 1904 by Ernst Zermelo in order to formalize his proof of the well-ordering theorem.
An illustrative example is sets picked from the natural numbers.
He was also the leader of an empire consisting of Huns, Ostrogoths, Alans, and Bulgars, among others, in Central and Eastern Europe.
During his reign, he was one of the most feared enemies of the Western and Eastern Roman Empires.
He crossed the Danube twice and plundered the Balkans but was unable to take Constantinople.
The Aegean Sea is an elongated embayment of the Mediterranean Sea between Europe and Asia.
It is located between the Balkans and Anatolia, and covers an area of some .
In the north, the Aegean is connected to the Marmara Sea, which in turn connects to the Black Sea, by the straits of the Dardanelles and the Bosphorus, respectively.
A Clockwork Orange is a dystopian satirical black comedy novel by English writer Anthony Burgess, published in 1962.
It is set in a near-future society that has a youth subculture of extreme violence.
The teenage protagonist, Alex, narrates his violent exploits and his experiences with state authorities intent on reforming him.
It has a population of 921,402 within the city proper, 1,457,018 in the urban area and 2,480,394 in the metropolitan area.
Located in the Dutch province of North Holland, Amsterdam is colloquially referred to as the "Venice of the North", for its large number of canals, now designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Amsterdam was founded at the mouth of the Amstel River that was dammed to control flooding; the city's name derives from a local linguistic variation of the word dam.
The Museum of Work (Arbetets museum) is a museum located in Norrköping, Sweden.
The museum is located in the Strykjärn (Clothes iron), a former weaving mill in the old industrial area on the Motala ström river in the city centre of Norrköping.
The former textile factory Holmens Bruk (sv) operated in the building from 1917 to 1962.
A subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group, Audi produces vehicles in nine production facilities worldwide.
The origins of the company are complex, dating back to the early 20th century and the initial enterprises (Horch and the Audiwerke) founded by engineer August Horch (1868–1951).
Two other manufacturers (DKW and Wanderer) also contributed to the foundation of Auto Union in 1932.
An aircraft (: aircraft) is a vehicle that is able to fly by gaining support from the air.
It counters the force of gravity by using either static lift or the dynamic lift of an airfoil, or, in a few cases, direct downward thrust from its engines.
Common examples of aircraft include airplanes, helicopters, airships (including blimps), gliders, paramotors, and hot air balloons.
Alfred Bernhard Nobel ( , ; 21 October 1833 – 10 December 1896) was a Swedish chemist, engineer, inventor, businessman, and philanthropist.
He is known for creating dynamite as well as having bequeathed his fortune to establish the Nobel Prize.
He also made several important contributions to science, holding 355 patents in his lifetime.
He also co-founded the American Telephone and Telegraph Company (AT&T) in 1885.
Bell's father, grandfather, and brother had all been associated with work on elocution and speech, and both his mother and wife were deaf; profoundly influencing Bell's life's work.
His research on hearing and speech further led him to experiment with hearing devices which eventually culminated in Bell being awarded the first U.S. patent for the telephone, on March 7, 1876.
Anatolia, also known as Asia Minor, is a large peninsula in West Asia and is the western-most extension of continental Asia.
The land mass of Anatolia constitutes most of the territory of contemporary Turkey.
Topographically, the Sea of Marmara connects the Black Sea with the Aegean Sea through the Bosporus strait and the Dardanelles strait, and separates Anatolia from Thrace in the Balkan peninsula of Southeastern Europe.
It is considered one of the Big Five American information technology companies, alongside Alphabet (parent company of Google), Amazon, Meta Platforms, and Microsoft.
Apple was founded as Apple Computer Company on April 1, 1976, by Steve Wozniak, Steve Jobs and Ronald Wayne to develop and sell Wozniak's Apple I personal computer.
It was incorporated by Jobs and Wozniak as Apple Computer, Inc. in 1977.
It takes its name from the County of Aberdeen, which has substantially different boundaries.
The Aberdeenshire Council area includes all of the area of the historic counties of Aberdeenshire and Kincardineshire (except the area making up Aberdeen City council area), as well as part of Banffshire.
The county boundaries are officially used for a few purposes, namely land registration and lieutenancy.
