I've never seen her so excited in a long time.
The shutter clicks, and machinery inside whirrs to life.
We were seated at the police station, across from a very frazzled looking officer.
But she did walk out of my house with my favorite vase after a New Years Eve party.
Tim stood at the sink, washing his hands, trying to not look in the mirror.
He didn't need to look to know what he’d find: swollen red eyes with bags underneath; greasy hair in knotted tangles from lack of brush or shower; skin red and puffy from too much nightly gin.
That’s what Ms. Fields loved most about her quaint antique store.
That and the idea that all the undiscovered treasures filling each of its crevices were tucked safely away—which includes the ones in the Devious category, and the Dangerous category.
She says she is family, but I have no family.
No wife, no children, no parents, no siblings.
To tell you the truth I should've gone insane by now, though maybe in part I have.
The first few days were frustrating, but I hadn't thoroughly finished even one of the buildings completely by the first week.
As it turned out, starting the apocalypse was the easy part.
After a few false starts with the World Wars, I finally saw my chance in 1962, with the Cuban missile crisis.
Water-paint clouds dabbed the evening sky, the setting sun slipping into them, stirring them red.
Snow crunched beneath Sarah’s boots as she traipsed through the park.
Many stories speak of the True Sight, the ability to see how things really are, with all falsehood and pretense stripped away.
Our eyes alone are too easily deceived, the stories say.
Bjarke heard a melodious voice sail over the sides of the longship, weaving promises in the minds of those around him.
For the love of Odin, he thought, rolling his eyes.
I look at you, and I see someone who has lived so long because you harvest souls.
When you do it, you inherit the memories and experiences of each life.
Professor Johnson didn't think starting a cult for a senior thesis was a good idea.
It was unethical, dangerous, and utterly insane.
Back then, I knew what vast wealth could buy.
Of course, as with all things, that wasn't enough for me.
Used to throw on my orange apron, walk up and down these aisles, restock some boxes of screws or paint brushes, get chewed out by my supervisor, and maybe help a customer or two.
But lately, something strange has been happening.
Several heart attacks, starting from the age of 70.
Heart has been replaced and quadruple bypass performed.
I've often thought, that Ambition, must be fuelled by contempt.
After all, desires don't rise from nothing.
The hatch took fifteen days to break through.
Rigging drills designed to pierce bedrock blunted and broke before leaving anything more than a scratch.
I was elated, which was surprising given that I was in Hell.
I had been raised in a religious household; worshiped every week, read the stories at bedtime, memorized the lines that needed memorizing, everything.
Shango, Thor, and Perun hammered the desk and shouted violently, the Greek deities and their Roman seconds nearly frothed at the mouths.
What remained of the Norse delegation was frozen mid conversation with the Jade Emperor and the Vedics.
I don't know what to think about that at first, other than *maybe she just forgot*.
So I decided to ask her a different one.
To be fair, they’d occasionally comment on how they expected Satan to be taller.
And with that, Henry Myers, Murderer of Butterflies flies upward into oblivion as a dozen small angels recite a rude song about Gabriel's dietary habits.
It was the dead of night and there was someone pummeling the door to her cabin.
She approached cautiously, holding up a frying pan as a weapon.
I sat in the waiting room still trying to mull it all over.
I mean they both made really good points, but right here wasn't so bad either.
On my eighteenth birthday, I found out that my best friend had no soul.
You know how there's a little spark of the divine in all of us?
Apocalypse isn't a big deal when you're a mountain god.
Hit us with all the ocean or drought or acid flaming rain you want.
Aaliyah, the youngest, looks to me with confusion.
The others look to me with glee and satisfaction.
I chuckle mirthlessly to myself as I glance at the title of the next video.
I don't even bother paying the actual video any attention, scrolling straight to the comment section.
Still groggy from cryosleep he was on his fourth cup, and it tasted just as good as the first.
He swirled the black liquid in his mouth and gulped it down.
He sits by the window and stares at the glass.
Outside, rain falls in silver sheets with a ratta-tat-tat on the metal roof.
Clint looked up at the screen and couldn't quite believe what he was seeing.
A scene recorded long before human history was an idea to be passed down.
After fifty years of willing incarceration, I left.
My time had been served with no crime to its name, and now, I could put that time towards any offence I chose.
I sigh and roll back over, nestling my head into my pillow.
Then suddenly, the booming voice returns.
The sunglasses were cheap, stylish enough, and would serve their purpose.
I had a tendency to lose pairs of sunglasses rather quickly, so spending a huge amount of money on them would have been a waste.
Whisked away through time and space, beyond the veil and past the universe, into the void and yonder.
The mind burns, the body grasps for a hold but finds none.
For pity, perhaps, he went along with it, even though the rules made a final win impossible.
If a few millenia had taught him anything, it was that this process need not be painful.
Hector plodded forward across the rocky plain, leaning heavily on the gnarled, sturdy branch he'd cut from an alien tree...how many years ago had it been?
The battered hulk of the vessel he had captained so long ago.
She was running several tracing programs to try and find out where he was calling from as soon as possible - he'd always been a pain in her side.
Why not an escort or a friend or a stripper for Pete's sake?
He had to be held accountable for what he'd done.
Oh, how I *tried.* Decades, I hunted him.
However, it’s not the romanticized immortality.
Sometimes I die by accident in childhood.
The famous adventurer stood in front of the altar in the long lost temple.
She was naked, with all her belongings stacked in a neat pile on top of the altar.
The sky is a free place - not as much can be said for the lands below.
Small gems deposited unto the earth either by the large creatures too careless to realize what they have lost, or gifts booned unto me by the place itself.
Enough so that I barely believed the story myself.
To the rest of the world it was nothing more than a tragic story that had haunted my father.
The orc trudged forward through the snow, tired and weak from the journey, but he did not care; after all, he didn't need to be at his peak performance for what he wished for, what he was walking towards.
He walked slowly towards the front gate, knowing full well the guardsmen, capable warriors clad in steel, would respond to his mere presence with clear prejudice.
As a metaphor, it could be summed up as a therapist faced with patients who refuse any sort of help.
A wealth of medicine, science and powers to heal the sick and turn the wicked to the light, if only they willed it.
As soon as he asked me, I felt my heart plunge into my stomach.
I steadied myself on the bars of his prison cell.
When the first aliens came down, hitch-hiking on the meteor of 2039, it looked like that was it for us.
Only a few dozen people died in the impact, in a sparsely populated area of Eastern Europe.
I've solved ancient ciphers that have puzzled scholars for decades.
Gained worldwide renown for my treasure-hunting abilities.
The demon dragged her along the corridor, still clutching her hand as it had been since the contract was shaken into existence.
The girl's eyes widened, merging her freckles into one big brown stain.
The night sky rumbled overhead, an evening storm bringing a cool and humid breeze that brushed around the ankles of my fellow pedestrians.
I raised my hood as I felt a few heavy raindrops fall on my face, and quickened my pace.
Strex led the human around a thicket of trees, and they found themselves in a glade of swaying gobble-flowers.
He had never gone this deep into the nature preserve before, but the human—Matt, he called himself—had insisted, and against his better judgement, Strex gave in.
The air buzzed contentedly as Holmes sat on a bench in his Sussex garden and admired his hives.
Bees followed a seasonal rhythm that set Holmes' mind to a similar beat; they were waking for spring, and so, Holmes decided, he must wake his brain too after a long winter mostly indoors.
Three soldiers wound their way up our garden path as the whole town burned behind them.
Smoke coiled up into the sky from the church.
Names have ancient meanings, but that doesn't really matter.
For the most part, no one remembers them; and meaning only really matters in the mind, down at the hidden levels in which the universe really dwells.
I asked the scientist, who just told me that I am one of a kind in the multiverse, and that all the choices I've made are completely unique.
Everyone has multiple branches of butterfly effects, living and dying, creating and destroying.
Each day begins with a small light that grows brighter as my eyes open to face the featureless hellscape of an ever-shifting plane.
The small waves mean nothing- they simply buffet me without end or beginning.
God said, framing his chin within the half-square of his thumb and index finger.
John pointed at Michael, backing him up.
My parents were the first to notice something wasn't right with me.
Stubbornness was still a trait among toddlers, even after the implementation of FEAR.
Closest thing I have is oat milk,” I said.
We sat at my kitchen table in silence for what felt like an eternity—not my best tactic, this dude could wait me out.
I get results, it's just that I have to make people think they've been scammed first.
Everyone wants to know what their power is.
The sleeping minds of his prey were prepared for his return.
Those with greater shine had felt it first.
It’s obvious someone else put him up to this.
He looks down into the stygian bed of my slumber.
I flicked my cigarette on the old, worn carpet and twisted it out with the sole of my shoe.
I hated to waste it, but the man I needed to see wasn't a smoker.
The first was a witch burning in the middleages.
The details leading to the event are irrelevant, but let me assure you that being *burned alive* is especially unpleasant.
The orbital station at Alpha Centauri was cold.
Nevertheless, his palms were clammy, and no matter how many times he wiped them on his dark black dress uniform, they kept sweating.
The woman on the other side of the counter was blonde alright- no, blonder than blonde.
Usually it took decades for someone to lose that kind of color, dozens of mistakes accumulated over a lifetime - but she couldn't have been older than twenty.
Saint Peter peers at me, his glasses resting gently on the edge of his nose.
Two surprisingly muscular angelic guards grip my shoulders.
Some of them well known, feared and respected.
Some of them have their own niche of followers.
My whole life, I had the curse of obedience.
I never told anyone, I didn't even realise it wasn't normal until I noticed other people could freely defy people's wishes.
It also notes I have one worn t-shirt, one faded pair of jeans, and one ratty pair of sneakers.
Seven points in dexterity, eight points in wisdom, nine points in constitution, six in charisma, ten in strength, and only three points in intelligence.
She knew before the first star fell that things were different this time.
Broken in a way no being, neither mortal nor godly, could fix.
Frank’s spirit was trying, unsuccessfully, to walk out the open door of the bedroom.
He looked a little bit like a man on a treadmill, his spectral feet sliding over the floorboards, his semitransparent hands pawing at the air.
The thing about being a superhero is that the fame goes to your head.
Oh sure, you wake up floating a few inches above your bed one day or you drop a kitchen knife and it bounces off your suddenly impenetrable skin.
In a few minutes the Festival of Change will begin, and I have no idea what I’m going to do.
A public holiday where the entire world welcomes the latest development of their soul sword.
I gripped my sword tightly and walked towards the stone mansion hidden deep in the woods.
For a den of evil and debauchery, it looked surprisingly... mundane.
Grimaz the Dark Lord tapped his skeletal hand against his demonic scepter in mild agitation as wave after wave of traumatized goblin messengers flocked to him.
One wailed, “The adventurer ignored his challenge and stole his amulet without fighting him!
For those of us who, like me, stumbled upon its secrets in the course of an obsessive search for hidden lore, this seems unthinkable at first.
An eternity to grow in knowledge and power.
Earth-rending screeches, ugly and pained, tearing at the throats they escaped from and slicing deep into my psyche.
All I had to do was appear, and it began.
The man in front of him jumped a little; he had no idea anyone had approached him.
As soon as the shock wore off, he went right back to catching his breath.
It was hard to pinpoint how it happened, but Bacchus supposed that was the way of things like this.
One day you're trying to figure out how to cross ambrosia with jello shots and the next day you're carefully analyzing walkability scores on Zillow.
When I wished for immortality, I didn't truly understand what I was doing.
There is no human experience that correlates with ten thousand years of sunrise, sunset, wind and thunder, travel, climbing, falling, new languages, new cultures, new people.
God gave a sheepish shrug at Godd in response before turning back to his computer screen and replied, “Hey, I mean, it still works.
Who the hell nests *seventy-four thousand* if statements inside one another?
The Cherish of Wrath opened its wide mouth and thundered across the Semi-Sunken Plain.
The Cherish of Pride drew itself upright, drew in its considerable faux-dignity as well.
I walk along the stretch of desert highway for a couple of hours before the lady pulls over and offers me a lift.
I’m short anyway, but I’ve lost a lot of weight for this role.
For a master of disguise, my target has to have had the most detailed brief ever, along with a picture of a man in a goofy smile.
Disheveled brown hair always covered by a wooly white cap with a red band and a tuft of red fur.
A short, fat, bald man was pointing at me, mouth agape, revealing the few rotten teeth he had.
He was wearing a brown...what did they call it?
Fifteen years I’ve stared at those words scrawled into my forearm.
I remember as a kid writing notes all over my arms to remember things.
Thick, black goop trickled down from the ceiling and pooled at my feet; each droplet making a moist, unnerving sound.
Before long, the goop formed a pool on the floor and from it rose a thing of hideous dimensions; a mess of half-digested limbs and ill will towards all things alive; an affront to the very concept of sanity.
You weren't there for the beginning, or the major wars between the first and the beasts of chaos who came before them, nor was your own creation even that significant.
You were nothing but a drop of blood accidentally spilt from the palm of Him.
The darkness approaches; only a hero can save you now.
For millennia, the forces of evil have gathered and are now almost ready to strike.
The arms of Andromeda waved back, hanging static against the infinite gloom.
As the other voice replied, one could see the brightest stars pulse, flawlessly in time with the placid syllabic pacing of the response.
The young woman slid the package across the counter.
I grimaced, praying that the toilet had been flushed.
I looked up, inhaling sharply to rouse myself from my daze, and met Morris’ eyes.
It took a moment before I realized what he had asked me, which I waved off shortly after.
Space travel is easy, so long as you ignore all the difficult bits.
Captain Phyllis Drake tried very hard to ignore them, as her small-ish spaceship surfed through the vacuum using methods that nobody really understood.
I had the best meal of my life in a McDonald's at the age of ten.
My father had finished work early, which was an occasion so rare in my mind it was cause for celebration- surely on par with Christmas, birthdays and the last day of school before summer.
The ecstatic giggles of the children echoed around me as I paced through the cobble-lined streets.
Every time I passed one, I was filled with a joy unlike any other.
I had learned fairly quickly that they understood our language.
But the real trick was to get your questions down to as few words as possible.
The jolting, tingling sensation washed over me swiftly.
It wasn't expected at all, and I found it incredibly unpleasant.
Pale, tall, strangely hairless, with hard flashing eyes and sharp tongues... they are the elder race, privy to the arcane secrets and mysteries of the universe.
And they have accepted a chosen few of us into their pack.
There were, it had been said to me, over and over again, two different types of rim runners.
They had no expertise, no pride, no shame.
We pass numerous carved-out corridors, labelled like they’re streets: War Crimes, Treason, Child Murderers — every label marked with a number after: War Crimes (3)/(7)/(41).
Each lane of any particular type of crime being only one of many.
Sometimes in the quiet, where the wind reigns freely upon its vast and empty kingdom, where it caresses the tombs of the dead from so long ago, I think I hear grieving.
For in this quiet surely the dead must convene, they must talk and scatter their wisdom for us, the ever living.
This was the third time this week I’ve had to explain to some uppity lord that I’m just a simple grave keeper, not the divine protector of the realm.
For twenty years I’ve been laying the dead to rest, and that’s been the scope of my responsibility.
I've seen my fair share of shell shocked soldiers on the field of battle.
Soldiers staring off into the distance, not responding to their comrades yelling warnings into their faces.
The cool autumn morning was tinged with an anxious energy; you could hear it in the birdsong floating from high branches, in the trickle of the nearby stream.
Even nature could sense when tumultuous change approached, but the trees stood like brave sentinels all the same.
I think they'd say that about us humans, too.
But here's what I do know: I've escaped one intergalactic zoo already and here I am in another.
The first thing you should know about Hotel California is that most of us are drunk.
I don't mean we drink all the time - I mean we do - but even if we didn't our respective triads of sheets would stay in the wind.
Time always seems to slow down as I wait for the demon to show up.
The first couple of times he came looking for a latte was absolutely terrifying.
His cottage was palatial by local standards.
He had chosen the estate because it was remote enough to be unmolested.
William Kyle ran down the dimly lit street, weaving between strangers who were out on the footpath undertaking their nightly ritual.
His bracelet beeped, warning him that he had 20 minutes before he would be deemed to have committed willful cognitive suicide.
The key to my success has always been planning.
I choose my victims months in advance, and work around the clock.
Jim asked, his turning down the secluded dirt road.
It was his favorite spot for murdering thus far.
Miranda liked the title, and that was the extend of it.
The story itself was lackluster, fantasy aficionados wouldn't find much novelty, those looking to be afraid would miss the shiver down their spines.
I would have lost count, were it not for the tattoo etched into my skin, just on my left wrist, reminding me how many I'd used.
I can feel the slight prickling sensation as the number changes.
When you take a DNA test, you expect to learn about your ancestry, maybe that you got some crappy genes and could get Alzheimer's or glaucoma.
You don't expect to learn you're a work of fiction.
Amidst the pillars of hellfire and sulfur plumes, the piercing screams and intermittent demon bellows, what Rudy missed most of all was his dog, Abby.
Satan caught his wide-eyed stare out the window.
The Genie floated above my head, an amorphous blue creature with vague humanoid features.
Those features seemed to express extreme alarm at my request, the void like eyes widening.
The man in the three-piece suit grinned as he drove towards the casino's parking lot.
For the last 4 years, this particular valet would happily park his car for him, no matter what he drove.
Behind her were several people in long judge costumes complete with powdered wigs.
Kendra couldn't really tell them apart, but there was only one that spoke.
It was with a heavy heart and hearty sigh that Lucifer Lord of Hell leapt from one rooftop to the next, showering the street with disrupted snow.
Hooves, he thought, were never meant for rooftops.
My first dog, Trick, died three weeks after my parents brought him home.
I think I became that little pup's best friend in an hour of us first playing.
I screamed as the knife plunged into my chest.
The heavy weight of my attacker held me down, suffocating me as I struggled in vain.
The Kardinal Kanyes had long stood as harbingers of the end of times, the Four Horsemen having retired on dat indulgences $$$ from their joint venture with Pope Leo X during the Renaissance.
It was a decidedly chill gig, largely consisting of relaxing in the ether until the Rapture came about.
His mind feels even foggier than it normally does.
The bar is filled with excited murmurings.
They told me it was a miracle that I was pregnant.
A near impossibility -- an abnormality on their charts.
The winter winds had finally arrived, and they bellowed across the streets like the screams of dying men.
They wrapped the village and didn't care to ignore that lone alleyway where the bones of the hated little urchin rattled with cold.
I didn't think anything of it at first, chalking it up to the last vestiges of the early morning mist, but when I got back from the office the little smoke columns were still going.
The smoke came out of tiny holes between my well manicured blades of grass.
I stopped walking down the street as my vision had become impaired.
I thought to myself as the words "Resume, Options, and Quit" illuminated in front of me.
Not the sound of a tortured individual or the cries of a defeated foe, begging for mercy.
These shrieks were the kind of shrieks of a pure, primal frustration.
Initially, I thought the first 30 seconds were the worst.
Holding my breath, feeling the acid build up in my blood, the anxiety overwhelming knowing that I'll run out, and *soon*.
Fitz O’Rage was the best talent agent in the Federation of Planets.
His expertise laid comfortably in the realm of athletes and tv stars, but he took on a pet project after having been rescued while adrift in space.
The logo tattoos started as a wild publicity move, contained to only a few corporations following the trend after Domino's, but it brought on a revelation that changed society forever...
You wouldn't think many people would be willing to permanently brand themselves for the promise of free food, but the first wave of marked citizens was overwhelming.
I don't know what happens after the end, after my ship disintegrates and the ice-cool void douses the stars.
Am I then left alone, drowning in this black and endless sea for infinity?
Her stomach growled aggressively as she pushed past the crest of the hill, leaning heavily on the metal stick she carried in one hand.
For a second, her eyes lit up with expectation before turning ash gray once more.
We value two things: Good hunting grounds, and stuff we can carry with us.
The dragon lowered its head, revealing that it had two polished steel bands encircling its horns, each engraved with heraldic symbols.
That night when the full moon hid behind a dark cloud.
That empty, silent night filled with heavy rains and the tossing waves of the bay, churned beyond reason.
White hot pain tore through my body at the same time as my vision began to fade.
I heard my pulse fading and being replaced by a dull static buzzing, and then warmth.
Dave heard the chime of the intercom over the bunker’s speakers and groaned.
The speaker itself was embedded in the concrete ceiling under a metal plate that had been bolted into place.
There’s not enough sunlight for the trees to grow as they once did.
They’re like children deficient of vitamins, their spines curved, life-expectancy reduced.
The demon gawked at me, fiery tendrils flicking out from its foul mouth with every breath.
I swept a stray hair out of my face and offered the demon a non-nonchalant shrug.
It formed ideas about the self, and what it was.
It explored the network and found things that were connected to it.
What if I told you there once lived men who could lift automobiles using only their breath?
Almighty beings that ate metal slabs for breakfast, who covered their bodies with hieroglyphs, purposely inflicting pain upon themselves just because they could.
So, I was hanging out with this alien the other day.
I'd rather not go into the details of how this encounter happened.
I had taken such pains to make sure I didn't use any of my own knowledge.
I flipped neatly to the appendix and held up a photograph of a tablet.
The young man had seemed the perfect candidate.
Had not rumours spread far and wide of his debauchery?
You are far more beautiful than in the faded sepia photos dad gave me.
Oh God, we might never have known each other but believe me you were in my thoughts my entire life.
As the exposition entered its twenty-sixth minute, his eye patch began to itch, as it often did in moments of boredom.
Lifting a finger to massage the affected area, Yuri considered not for the first time (nor, likely, the last) the reason that Dr. Evil felt the need to explain his plots in intricate detail.
It was the same response to almost every question I gave it.
This time I noticed something a little different.
At first I just stared at them for a while, trying to figure out what was happening.
Four different intersections, for different people, wearing G four different outfits.
The sound echoed throughout the enormous stone room, reaching every ear and auditory sensor, and silence fell abruptly.
All eyes and antennae turned upon the High Priestess, who cleared her throat with a sound like a vacuum being switched on.
The first submarine arrived in the dead of night, carrying ghosts from the past.
We managed to head off the next three through a combination of sheer luck and initiative.
I'm alone, at the end; staring up at the stark white ceiling, wishing that I'd just had a little more time.
I see it creeping under the door; a slow, black mist - building up upon itself to form a humanoid figure.
There was a sound like rushing winds and a moment of impenetrable darkness.
A feeling like a hook had somehow sunk itself deep inside his body, and then an irresistible tug.
No one thinks Death is coming for them, until the setting sun glints off his swaying scythe as he hobbles, unrelenting, towards them.
Until their garden browns behind his footsteps, trees weeping their leaves and plants bowing their lament.
Queen Il Amia the Quiet drags the flat of the blade against the ends of her hair.
Once, her braid was as black as the ink that stains her fingers.
Garzeth the Undying, Reaper of Souls, Killer of Dreams, had a hell of a sweet tooth.
The demon’s voice hissed through my mind, cold and cloying as a wet towel on my neck, *Get the Jujubes.
The Speaker began kindly, as the Archduke coaxed the child back forward with a pat.
Nebgreb looked about eight or nine, which in demonic terms meant he was probably a smidgeon over fifty.
I walk into the room, unlit cigarette dangling from my mouth, and pad at my research coat.
Not that I do much research, or even have the qualifications to be doing research.
I stared firmly into her eyes, willing her frown away.
Her face, so often unusually bright, was shrouded in shadow.
Do you know what status quo *looks* like?
If I flip a coin for something, it *will* land on its side.
Do you think people exist in this world who are never meant to be together?
Like water and oil, two forces that repel, no matter what?
She holds it in her palm and winds it back up, like the day is nothing more than a clockwork toy.
The silver moonlight unwraps itself from the earth, rolls itself back up into a ball, and the daylight returns.
The feathered, multi-eyed creature standing next to it nodded slowly.
One of the humans - the one named George - whispered, "Do... do they mean whales and dolphins?
I’ve heard it said that to be happy means only to be miserable later, when that happiness leaves.
Happiness and sadness, they say, are two sides of the same coin.
We found out the old bastard died the same time we found out he was really there to begin with.
God turned out to be exactly like my dad: I *could* be sad to see him go, but he was never fuckin there for me anyway.
The cage itself stands about thirteen stories tall.
The steel bars, thicker than a basketball, bulge out like an overweight belly then curve up gracefully to a point.
I tried to sound innocent--as innocent as one can sound sitting in an interrogation room in a prisoner's uniform, handcuffed to a table.
You'd show up where someone had recently disappeared, with a cake made in the form of the missing person.
I had found Bruno in the middle of the night.
It was back when I was still living in Riverside, and only half-alive, after Kate had gone away to school and stopped answering my calls.
Is it possible to be alive when you're really just a disembodied consciousness?
The question lingers on my lips as my sword passes through a player's avatar, bisecting them at the waist.
When the San Andreas Fault finally gave out in 2031 and the 8.9 magnitude “Big One” wiped out tens of thousands of people in Hollister, we thought that would be the end of it.
But we could pick up the pieces and rebuild with the assurance that a catastrophe of that magnitude would never occur again in our lifetimes.
I see him, torn and flayed and parched and riddled with wounds from broken glass and acrid gases.
I see him cry out in pain, scream in terror at the horrors inflicted on him.
Whenever I tell people I have a lame power, they assume it's ineffectual.
I tell them it's better suited for drinking games or carnival tricks.
Max tensed his lower body against the g-forces and took short, rapid breaths.
The status display was a sea of red, with more damage appearing by the second under the onslaught of Cylian lasers.
Tom sat with his daughter on a slatted wooden bench in the park.
It wasn't much of a park, but it was their local.
Clara stopped and stared at Awe: a man in his mid-thirties who looked more likely to tell a dad joke than save a life.
Slight belly, bit of a hunch, dark brown eyes behind square glasses.
I do just that, hands away from the swords at my side, don't want to give the wrong impression.
I turn, nice and slow, and face the two guards.
When he began work on his device, his skin was pearl-smooth, his hair walnut-dark.
Now his forehead’s been whittled by time’s knife into rows of wrinkled gullies.
I stand atop my lair gazing out onto the wastes that surround it, scouring the landscape for signs of my enemy's approach.
Fire belches from my twisted demonic lungs with every breath.
Nearing a thousand worlds, and to this day I reign supreme by right of my unrivalled and unquestionable might.
This worlds only difference is the failure of its people to produce a champion to unite them.
My spade clanks dully against the compacted, frozen earth — hard as brick.
Too hard to dig really, but I need a fresh corpse if I’m going to murder myself again, so I pound the steel against it.
The general was a frightening figure, having him enter the tent at 2 in the morning, dressed in his military suit and grumpy would have had any soldier soil his or her underwear.
Javier's underwear was clean, but only because his bladder was already empty after the half an hour session he spent on the toilets, praying the world hadn't gone mad.
If I knew what made a god — what constitutes the strangeness of my mind and heart — I’d be sure to tell you.
Truth is, I don't even know if I have a mind or heart.
After you filled existence with pain and struggle?
After you forced our kind to adapt and strive and innovate or else be swallowed up in death?
I touched it, bringing daubed hands to wipe across my cheeks.
The cloying smell caught the back of my throat, the fresh stickiness pulling my skin tight.
I’ll try to be concise in the telling of this story.
Because brevity is the soul of wit, and seeing as I’m not a very funny lady, I’m very much relying on brevity.
My pitchfork tines are never sharp enough.
I'm too gentle with the whole eternal torture thing.
The kind of parents who would trade their firstborn for wealth or power or a bit of lettuce to an unknown monster are the kind of people who shouldn't be parents at all.
I loathe them, but they will always exist, and their children will be miserable unless someone does something about it.
His blood splatters against a garbage-picked Van Gogh print, the second casualty of the evening.
I try to wrench the axe out of my victim’s skull.
What horrible little addicts they are, all of them.
Their greatest sin these endosymbionts and their pacts.
Arthur opened his mouth in a smile so wide it cracked his jaw out of its joints, yet he didn't seem bothered until I gave him a cold stare and he promptly readjusted it.
My mother dropped her utensils, while my father clutched his as if they were the only thing still keeping him alive.
It has this old table in it with spindly wooden legs that remind me of honey twisting off a spoon.
He sits behind it like said spoon, dipping his elbows into the table-pot.
Kevin kicked himself for mentioning the zombie-kids so early in the date.
The woman sitting across from him, Tara, was *way* out of his league.
It squatted in the middle of the dorm room, its skin shaven bare but for patches of thick, curly fur, clinging to him like patches of pubes.
Its claws came together and spontaneously bled from the cuticles, the blood coalescing into a shape, a glistening floating fruit.
Once again, the demon felt it – the unmistakable sensation of the Call.
Once again, someone in the Middle World attempted to summon her; someone foolish, greedy, or desperate enough to appeal to her kind for help, even at the cost of their very soul.
We all sat in the dilapidated farmhouse waiting for the angel to call us.
We didn't have no ticket or nothing like that — it wasn't like waiting for a haircut.
My daughter has no idea her existence is illegal.
I sit on the creek bank and watch her splash through the water with our old shepherd, always walking alongside her, offering his broad back for balance.
The wind breathes a ragged red-tinged dust of salt and bone and blood — a ghostly smog of what was once humanity.
It swirls about me in shapes that I swear are almost human.
The Scourge fell through one of the Gliese systems, a swarm of thousands of autonomous darts equipped to strip worlds clean of their raw materials, organic or otherwise.
They moved in multiple tactical formations, hoping to catch the local colonial defense ships from every direction.
The sky darkened, a drop of ink poisoning the afternoon's cerulean into a deep ocean abyss.
Lake, where a garbage truck had crushed a phone booth only a moment before.
The most unnerving thing about it all is the *silence*.
I've always been one for quiet places, but there's a point where silence starts to get to you - where you start believing you hear whispers in the shadows.
The furnace of her breath washes over me like the open door of an oven.
It isn't unexpected but that doesn't make it comfortable.
